Summary
The Hulk is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby and first appeared in The Incredible Hulk #1 (May 1962).

Throughout his comic book appearances, the Hulk is portrayed as a large green humanoid that possesses immense superhuman strength and great invulnerability, attributes that grow more potent the angrier he becomes. Hulk is the alter ego of Bruce Banner, a socially withdrawn and emotionally reserved physicist who physically transforms into the Hulk under emotional stress and other specific circumstances at will or against it; these involuntary transformations lead to many complications in Banner's life. When transformed, the Hulk often acts as a disassociated personality separate from Banner.

Over the decades of Hulk stories, the Hulk has been represented with several personalities based on Hulk and Banner's fractured psyche, ranging from mindless savage to brilliant warrior, and Banner has taken control of the Hulk's form on occasion. Banner first transforms into the Hulk after being caught in the blast of the gamma bomb he invented while saving Rick Jones, a youth who had wandered onto the testing range.

Powers and Statistics
Tier: 9-A. Up to High 6-C with certain weapons | Varies, usually High 6-C, up to 5-B | Varies, usually High 6-C, up to 4-B | 4-B | Varies, usually High 6-C, up to 4-B

Name: Robert Bruce Banner; The Incredible Hulk; Joe Fixit; The Green Scar; The Sakaarson; The Worldbreaker

Origin: Marvel Comics

Gender: Male

Age: Unknown

Classification: Human Mutate, Scientist, Fugitive on the run, Avenger, Defender

Powers and Abilities:

Bruce Banner
Hulk
Devil Hulk
Superhuman Physical Characteristics, Genius Intelligence (Can create incredibly advanced technology), Martial Arts, Hacking (As shown here), Multiple Selves (Type 1), Immortality (Types 1 & 4. Will end up in the Below-Place after dying from which he can quickly revive himself through the Green Door should he choose to do so), Enhanced Senses (Can accurately sense temperature and air quality), Extrasensory Perception (Can sense gamma radiation), Transformation, Limited Telekinesis (Hulk broke a glass while Bruce was in control), Preparation (Made the following weaponry while isolated on an island) and Resistance to Possession (As a student of Advanced Mind Control and Hypnosis, prevented Crusher Creel from entering his mind) and Radiation Manipulation. Optional Equipment grants him Technology Manipulation (Using the BannerTech Virus and Gamma Dome. Can also jam radios and satellites), Energy Projection (Using the Calypso Offensive Satellite and certain weaponry), Electricity Manipulation (Using an Old Power Taser), Ice Manipulation and Non-Physical Interaction (Using Bannertech Ice Eight Agent), Explosion Manipulation, Fire Manipulation and Magma Manipulation (With Gamma Island Weaponry), Information Analysis (As shown here, Can scan someone for being an android, Possesses a Gamma Ray Detector), Paralysis Inducement and Limited Biological Manipulation (Possesses a machine which can cause strokes), Summoning (Can access equipment within his lab using Pocket Teleporter), Statistics Amplification (Using forcefields, can amplify his statistics to throw Wolverine), Forcefield Creation (Possesses forcefields around his body which absorb both radiation and old power), Nanotechnology (Can use Bannertech Nanoparticles which disable all firearms and perform repairs), Illusion Creation (Made a hologram to mimic Galactus), Gravity Manipulation (By using BannerTech Molecular Repulsion), Teleportation (By using the BannerTech teleporter), Time Travel and Light Manipulation (By using the T-Gun) and Limited Healing (Constructed a Catalytic Converter which can neutralize carcinogens.)

Attack Potency: Small Building level (Can damage the likes of Pyro, the Leader and Bushwhacker. Knocked a military plane door off its hinges). Large Island level with certain weapons (Can damage Skaar and Wolverine. Destroyed Doombots. Constructed an armor and gloves that can trade hits with the Hulk) | Varies (While done at a slower rate, Joe Fixit is still able become stronger the angrier he gets), Large Island level (Comparable to the Thing) to Planet level (Destroyed an asteroid twice the size of Earth) | Varies (His strength is heavily dependent on his anger and Bruce Banner's willingness to cause harm), usually Large Island level (Comparable to The Thing and the Blob), up to Solar System level (His peak has consistently been portrayed as comparable to Thor, and empowered a force field that temporarily halted the Celestial Exitar, who was much larger than the Earth) | Solar System level (More powerful than he has ever been as Savage Hulk. Stalemated a serious Sentry) | Varies (While Devil Hulk has more control over Banner and thus is more brutal and stronger than Savage Hulk, he still is restricted by Bruce Banner's and his own moral code), usually Large Island level (Overpowered Thor on Earth, along with Hulkbuster Iron Man. Overpowered the Thing immensely), up to Solar System level

Speed: Massively Hypersonic+ (Can react to Bushwhacker) | At least Subsonic+ jumping speed (His leaps have been measured to be 473 mph when calm) with Massively Hypersonic (Can keep up with The Thing) | High Hypersonic jumping speed (Nearly reached escape velocity), with at most Massively FTL+ combat speed and reactions (He has consistently kept up with Thor, Gladiator, Hyperion, and Silver Surfer, though lacks quantifiable feats of his own that surpass even Mach 50) | Likely Massively FTL+ (Matched The Sentry) | At most Massively FTL+ combat speed and reactions

Lifting Strength: Likely Average Human | Class M (Can lift pyramids) | Stellar. Increases exponentially with rage (Capable of supporting the weight of a star, holding tectonic plates together, lifting and throwing mountains, pushed a 10x stronger than normal warrior's madness Thor towards the ground with one arm, separated spheres of matter and anti-matter, etc.) | At least Stellar | At least Stellar

Striking Strength: Small Building Class | Varies, usually Large Island Class, up to Planet Class | Varies, usually Large Island Class, up to Solar System Class | Solar System Class | Varies, usually Large Island Class, up to Solar System Class

Durability: Small Building level, Solar System level with forcefields (Can withstand hits from Skaar and the Juggernaut, unaffected by attacks from the Red Hulk and Red She-Hulk, blocked a sword hit from Doctor Doom which had previously pierced Worldbreaker Hulk) | Varies, Large Island level to Planet level | Varies, usually Large Island level, up to Solar System level (Among other things, he has withstood magical energy measured as 100 times stronger than Hercules' most powerful blows). Regeneration makes him extremely difficult to kill, as his healing factor was once depicted as powerful enough to bring his future "Maestro" self back to life from being reduced to powder. | Solar System level (Endured numerous blows from The Sentry) | Varies, usually Large Island level (Endured multiple blows from Hulkbuster Iron Man and Thor with little to no effect), up to Solar System level

Stamina: Extremely High (As long as he remains angry)

Range: Extended melee range due to his size, thunderclaps can reach up to Kilometers in every direction, by attacking the ground he can reach potential Planetary range

Standard Equipment: None notable

Optional Equipment: Various BannerTech devices, self-constructed Gamma Island weaponry and other devices
Intelligence: Average as the Grey Hulk, Joe Fixit. He was a capable mob enforcer. Below Average as the Green Hulk. Not very bright but capable of surprisingly clever battle tactics. At least Average as World War Hulk. He learned how to control his rage with the help of Hiroim, and had some experience as a leader. At least Above Average as Devil Hulk. He holds the ability to analyze situations and reach conclusions and solutions successfully using "unreason and magical thinking". Extraordinary Genius as Banner. He is one of the most brilliant scientists on the Marvel Earth, rivaling the likes of Tony Stark. Banner is also recognized as the premier expert on radiation. Claimed to be one of the eight smartest people on Earth. When in an intelligent state of mind, he is proficient in martial arts, due to training from Iron Fist. Doctor Doom has stated that Banner is superior to him in some fields.

Standard Tactics: Despite his primal exterior, Dr. Banner is still able to control Hulk's actions to some extent, as such Hulk will not kill his opponents or use excessive force if he doesn't require it.

As stated by Iron Man, he can change his power beneath his punches
As stated by Amadeus Cho, Hulk only ever attempts to greviously injure people under extreme circumstances
Cho later uses this theory himself to control Hulk's power
This is actually supported a few other times
Hulk can easily kill his rogues gallery if he chooses to, but doesn't
Banner controls the Hulk to some extent, implying the morally idealistic Banner would actively try to hold back his attacks in order to not murder his opponents.
A more explicit version for supporting the above statement
Hulk refused to kill Fin Fang Foom despite Foom killed 2 people
Weaknesses: If he is not sufficiently enraged, he transforms back to Bruce Banner, with only base human stats (although he has shown the ability to maintain the transformation in varying emotional states), and can be knocked out depending on the circumstances. In his Grey and Immortal Hulk incarnations, he reverts to human form when exposed to bright day sunlight. His powers are heavily tied to his psyche, and as such are subject to change. For example, a fear of harming others as the intelligent Hulk made it so that he decreased in power with anger for some time. His powers also at one point became only usable at night due to his subconscious fear of exposure and the judgment of others. As Devil Hulk, he prevents himself fron getting too enraged to not lose control, becoming the Savage Hulk if he gets too angry as a safety mechanism, which decreases his strength. He's repelled by things related to the The One Above All Others

Feats:

Grey Hulk destroyed an asteroid larger than Earth.
Worldbreaker Hulk destroyed a planet in his clash with Red She-Hulk.
Notable Attacks/Techniques:

Thunderclap: A term used to refer to a large shock wave created by a character with sufficient, superhuman strength violently clapping their hands together. These attacks can be incredibly destructive and lethal, sometimes equaling nuclear bombs or hurricanes.
Reactive Powers: The Hulk’s Powers, while often thought of as physical, are actually primarily psychological in nature. Those mutated by the Gamma Radiation used in the Gamma Bomb have their innermost desires and psychological status manifested as mutations. As such, the Hulk’s powers are in actuality malleable. For example, as his rage increases, not only does the Hulk increase in power, but becomes more resilient, shaking off attacks and powers that previously overwhelmed him and surviving things he could not before. However, due to Banner’s shattered psyche and psychological trauma, this can also manifest as weaknesses and split forms, giving each mental aspect, subconscious fear, and psychological compulsion some level of tangible repercussions on the Hulk.
Key: Bruce Banner | Grey Hulk | Savage Hulk | World War Hulk | Devil Hulk

Notes:

The Hulk causing an earthquake across infinite planets in the multiverse, destroying a pocket universe, and having his power measured as infinite by the Pre-Retcon Beyonder are generally considered as outliers. If they were not, he would have been considered as High 3-A at his peak. That said, his power level per definition depends on his rage, so it isn't completely certain.

---------

Respect The Hulk, The World Breaker (What if the Heroes lost to World War Hulk)
comics
In this reality, the Hulk defeated the Sentry during their pitched confrontation in New York. Tony Stark desperately unleashed his satellite-based laser weapon, but had no time to narrow the scope of impact. The resulting blast destroyed the entirety of New York.

The Hulk survived the blast, but the death of all of his Sakaarian comrades, the enemies he once called friends, and an entire city of innocents due to his actions, left the Hulk's will broken, prompting him to live alone in the wasteland, waiting to die as Banner. It was here that he was found by the Vision. Vision implored Banner to aid the few heroes that survived and continue to fight, and Banner agreed.

The Hulk rallied the survivors to fight but was interrupted when the Skrulls activated their secret weapon. They had switched out the Wasp for a Skrull and turned Hank Pym into a living weapon. They detonated Pym which killed everyone present except the Hulk. In his rage and grief at having yet another group of friends die before his eyes, the Hulk summoned the Silver Surfer and begged him to bring Galactus to devour the Earth in revenge. The Surfer initially refused but reasoned that as the last of his race the fate of his planet should be in the Hulk's hands and summoned Galactus. He decided to leave the service of Galactus however after finding himself hollowed by the loss of humanity and the Earth.

Galactus arrived and destroyed the Earth but left the Hulk alive. Hulk begged him for death but Galactus, now in need of a new Herald, asked the Hulk to find worlds for him to devour in exchange for erasing his memories. The Hulk agreed and became his new herald; The World Breaker.

Strength
Defeats Sentry, sending him flying away with a punch and drawing blood.

Crushes ground beneath him with a step and lifts Sentry with one arm.

Destroys a Skrull ship.

Lifts a tank overhead with no struggle.

Grabs Silver Surfer by the neck.

Durability/Endurance
Survives a massive explosion that kills millions.

Gets blasted by multiple Stark satellites which kills everyone else there and destroys New York, leaving it very irradiated. Despite all of that and him not eating for months, he's still perfectly fine.

Unscathed after a genetic time bomb (Hank Pym) is used that turns everyone else into skeletons and destroys the building they were in.

Tanks getting blasted by the Silver Surfer.

Fine after Galactus destroys the planet he's on and being in space.

Speed/Agility
Jumps far and high, catching up to a fleeing Skrull ship immediately.

Grabs Silver Surfer by the neck before he can react.

Intelligence/Skill
Fought in gladiator fights, then unites the oppressed and successfully leads a rebellion against Sakaar's evil ruler.

Defeats Sentry.

Quickly changed the tide of the Human/Skrull war and boosted morale for the humans greatly.

Gives a morale boosting speech to all his allies.

Uses Reed Richards' beacon to summon the Silver Surfer in order to summon Galactus and have him devour the planet, killing the Skrulls.

-------

Respect World War Hulk! (Marvel, 616)
comics
"I've fought the Hulk before. Several times. And I've never seen him like this. This is not the 'wounded child' Hulk. This is not the 'bar room brawler'. This is a Hulk fueled by so much rage he could destroy everything in his path."
He wades through them with a sword that he also does not require. He is the eye of anger... The World Breaker. The Green Scar. Two-Hands, Harkanon, Haarg, Holku. He is Hulk. But of all that is not important. All that matters, all that really matters, is that he is very, very, angry.

Hulk, a rampaging monster with near-limitless power. Fearing the threat he posed to humanity, Earth's most powerful heroes shot Hulk into space. Landing on a faraway planet, Hulk became an Emperor and fell in love. But the shuttle that sent Hulk away from Earth exploded,-killing millions of people, including Hulk's queen and the baby growing inside of her. Filled with rage. Hulk and his Warbound warriors have set course for Earth, to bring revenge upon those he holds responsible for destroying his world...

Respect World War Hulk
World War Hulk is superior to the following Hulk forms

Fixit

Hypnotized Hulk

Int-Hulk

Mindless Hulk

Green Scar Hulk

Classic Hulk

Savage Hulk

Strength
Beats a confident Sentry in hand to hand combat [World War Hulk #5]

Hurts Hercules, badly [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #107]

Destroys a Iron Man drone in his grip [The Invincible Iron Man (2007) #19]

Hulk, or a member of his warbound, send Luke flying [World War Hulk: Front Line (2007) #2]

Stomps Landslide [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

No-sells someone made of mercury and turns them into paste [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Knocks out Wolverine [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Beats Cain Marko in one page [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Crumples Talbot's hands [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #4]

Beats the WWHBuster and destroys a building in the process [World War Hulk #1]

Takes down She-Hulk with one punch [World War Hulk #1]

Stomps Reed [World War Hulk #2]

BFR

Throwing an alien into the sun [World War Hulk Prologue: World Breaker (2007) #1]

Punts Wolverine far away. [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Worth noting he doesn't come back for about 10 pages

Punts someone into New Jersey, flexes knives out of his shoulder, and one shots Warpath [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Punts Wolverine, who wasn't able to recover from the brain damage Hulk had given him [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Fights the Juggernaut evenly for a bit before BFRing him [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Thunderclaps

Sends Namora and Angel flying with a thunderclap [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #107]

KOs Kitty Pryde with a thunderclap [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Causes a lot of pain with a thunderclap [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Sends Ghost Rider flying into a building with a thunderclap [Ghost Rider (2006) #13]

Incaps soldiers with a thunderclap [World War Hulk #3]

Shockwaves

Causes a shockwave with a stomp [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #108]

Causes a shockwave with a stomp, but later [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #108]

Causes a shockwave hitting Talbot, while weakened [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #3]

Alters the moon's gravity in his fight with Black Bolt[The Incredible Hulk (2000) #107]

Causes a shockwave hitting Iron-Man [World War Hulk #1]

Jumps into Iron Man hard enough to cause a shockwave that breaks the city [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #107]

Speed
Super-Impact

Jumps as a blur, and then lands on Johnny so hard that he forces the spirit to take control [Ghost Rider (2006) #13]

Super-impact in Zero Gs, on the top of his spaceship, fighting an illusion Black Bolt [World War Hulk Prologue: World Breaker (2007) #1]

Even after being slowed by wind, he hits hard enough to damage a building [World War Hulk #2]

Super-impact on the moon [World War Hulk #1]

Combat/travel speed

Catches X-23 [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Dodges Wolverine [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Leaps at a missile and takes it out of the air [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #3]

Blitzes Iron-Man [World War Hulk #1]

Dodges and one-shots Ares [World War Hulk #2]

Durability
Gets hit hard enough to send chunks of the moon flying out of orbit [World War Hulk #1]

These chunks included pieces the size of Rhode Island. [World War Hulk #4]

Shot of Skrull Black Bolt attacking Hulk [The Invincible Iron Man (2007) #19]

Sentry hitting Hulk is like a bomb going off [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #111]

Tanks Strong Guy using his own kinetic energy to power a punch [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Dropping a building on him doesn't even slow him down [Ghost Rider (2006) #13]

Cho can't do shit to him in what is either Cho using supermath and stalling, or Cho making a scene to stall. Either way, it's funny, so I'm including it. [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #110]

No sells a military bombardment [World War Hulk #1]

Doesn't even notice tanks firing at him [World War Hulk #3]

Survives a glock to the eye [World War Hulk #3]

Heat, Energy, Other

No-sells Human Torch's nova [World War Hulk: Front Line (2007) #2]

Tanks Ghost Rider's fire [Ghost Rider (2006) #13]

No sells a Nova from torch and lightning from Storm [World War Hulk #2]

Taking dragon fire and Cyclop's beam [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

No-selling missiles [The Invincible Iron Man (2007) #19]

Walks through Cyclop's blast [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Colossus and Emma "can't even hurt him" [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Darwin can't drain him or adapt to his punches, so he teleports himself away instead [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Plane crash only annoys him [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Fire and punches do nothing to his stomach lining [The Irredeemable Ant-Man (2006) #10]

Regeneration, Endurance
Has a hole punched through his lung by Sentry [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #111]

Survives being pierced with adamantium shrapnel [World War Hulk #3]

Breathing in space [World War Hulk Prologue: World Breaker (2007) #1]

Takes a death touch designed to overload his healing factor while tanking the X-men [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

After this, he regrows his eyes [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Regenerates from Wolverine's attack [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Take a slash from Wolverine [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Has rocks phased into his flesh and quickly heals [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Heals after having his eyes slashed out [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #2]

Repeatedly stabbed in the brain and head while weakened [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #3]

Heals from a snapped neck while weakened [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #4]

Healing from slashes and mutilating a Harpy Mutate [World War Hulk: Gamma Corps (2007) #4]

Survives being pierced with adamantium shrapnel [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #108]

Smothers a missile loaded with adamantium shrapnel

Regenerates from a gamma toxin designed to wreak havoc on his body [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #109]

Gets a giant hole put through his torso by Zom [World War Hulk #3]

Control, Intellect, Accuracy
Learned to control his rage with the help of Hiroim [World War Hulk Prologue: World Breaker (2007) #1]

Tricks Ghost Rider [Ghost Rider (2006) #13]

Avoids hurting people [World War Hulk: Front Line (2007) #1]

Hits someone made of sand with water [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Hits Syrin with the wolf girl [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Accurate enough to not murder Cho [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #109]

Hits a plane with the barrel of a tank [World War Hulk #3]

Syrin can't control his mind [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #3]

Has always been difficult to control, and Xavier can't control him [World War Hulk: X-Men (2007) #1]

Statements
Ready to kill the whole planet [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #107]

No one can stop him [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #109]

He is the Green Scar, the Eye of Anger, The Worldbreaker, the Hulk

Hulk smashes 'around a thousand times harder' than She-Hulk [World War Hulk #1]

Has never been angrier [World War Hulk #1]

Reed says Sue literally cannot stop him [World War Hulk #2]

He is the Worldbreaker [World War Hulk #3]

Rick is worried about everything on the planet dying [World War Hulk #5]

Tony is worried about Hulk killing billions of people, and Sentry has to expend massive amounts of energy against an opponent as powerful as Hulk [World War Hulk #4]

Threatens to kill the planet if the Illuminati don't show up [Misc]

Tony says Nukes would just make him stronger [The Incredible Hulk (2000) #109]

Nukes won't stop him [The Invincible Iron Man (2007) #19]

Seriously, don't even try nukes. [World War Hulk #3]

Fuck off with your wimpy nukes. [World War Hulk #4]

----


Respect Worldbreaker Hulk (Marvel, 616)
comics
"This is the story of the Hulk. And how he finally came home. 'They can call it whatever they want', he said. 'Savior. Destroyer. All that matters... is what you choose.' Bear witness to his choice, children. And give thanks to your gods. And then pray for their mercy. For tonight, the Hulk may sleep, but his rage will never die."
Worldbreaker Hulk is a special subset of the World War Hulk personality, who is activated with extreme amounts of rage and loss.

He was brought forth in two notable instances - at the end of World War Hulk, learning that Miek, his close ally, had betrayed his people, leading to the death of his wife and kingdom, and at the end of Incredible Hulks, where Rick and Jen are poisoned by Hulk's enemy, Amr'Chedon, leading Hulk to think them dead, unleashing his full rage. At this point, Banner begins to lose more and more control of Hulk, up until the Dark Dimension, where, as Hulk no longer needs to hold back, because the planet he's fighting on is continually reforming, Banner begins to fade away.

After World War Hulk, but before his fight with Skaar, Banner was keeping the WBH personality in check, forcing Hulk to operate as a dumb sounding savage Hulk. As Banner gained less control of Hulk, Hulk was smarter. WBH was briefly reactivated by Hulk remembering who Caiera was.

Worldbreaker Hulk is massively superior to the following Hulk forms

Joe Fixit

Hypnotized Hulk

Int-Hulk

Mindless Hulk

Green Scar Hulk

Classic Hulk

Savage Hulk

World War Hulk

Immortal Hulk

By feats and by statements and Word of God, Worldbreaker Hulk is the strongest incarnation of any mainstream Hulk by a wide margin.

Strength
Striking

"I'm the strongest one there is."
Worldbreaker Red She-Hulk and WBH clashing, just from jumping into each other, generates enough force to bust the planet they're on with the shockwaves of their attack, vaporize nearby A-tiers like Wendigo, Bi-Beast, etc, and damages the nearby moon [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Incineration [The Incredible Hulks #634]

More vaporizing, can cut loose without endangering a billion innocents [The Incredible Hulks #634]

Cho was vaporized [The Incredible Hulks #635]

Using the same tech he used to use Surfer's own power against him, channels WBH's energy into his defenses, so that the angrier Hulk gets, the stronger Arm'Chedon gets, then Hulk walks through his blast and one shots him [The Incredible Hulks #632]

Arm'chedon vs Surfer

Brutally stomping the mindless ones, sends them flying a city block with a stomp[The Incredible Hulks #633]

Tanks the amped punch from Skaar while midair, and then hurts Skaar much more with a strike [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

The energy Skaar is absorbing from Hulk is enough to sink the west coast, and Skaar is absorbing many footsteps, each of which have continental output [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Skaar one shots Red She Hulk [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Beats down Skaar [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Thunderclaps

Sends Fin Fang Foom flying with a thunderclap, turning him into a projectile that shatters a barrier capable of withstanding the Mindless Ones [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Saves people with sand via a thunderclap, while going insane [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Aura

Worldbreaker Hulk's radiation and or physical presence is massively destructive and can destroy a large area.

Sends heroes flying back, and then begins to destroy the city [World War Hulk #6]

Creates a building busting shockwave [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Just the force of Hulk existing is enough to destroy the continent [The Incredible Hulks #632]

The force of him transforming again is enough to shatter stone and glass [The Incredible Hulks #632]

The force of WBH transforming is enough to knock Arm'chedon back a bit [The Incredible Hulks #632]

Walking

"My god. You're... you too strong. You're really gonna... you're gonna kill us all."
Shakes the continent [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Nearly broke the west coast off into the pacific

Two more of his steps would have destroyed the East Coast [World War Hulk #6]

Nearly sank the entire east coast with a single step [The Incredible Hulks #632]

Came seconds within triggering the san andreas fault, in Las Vegas [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Statements

Implies that Hulk can fight for eternity, and WBH/WBRSH punch hard enough to burn a-tiers [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Hulk was holding back the entire time because of the fact that he was around innocents [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Could crush Skaar's skull in his hand like an egg [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Thor/Captain Marvel/an assembly of A-tiers can't stop him and don't try, is the strongest Hulk there's ever been, and defeated Sentry [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Durability
"It's just time to fight, and die. Like the monsters we are."
Blunt

Tanks a punch of WBRSH, was able to match the planetary shockwave jump feat[The Incredible Hulks #633]

No selling Arm'chedon's blasts, Wendigo, and Bi-Beast at the same time without even reacting [The Incredible Hulks #633]

These blasts were able to shatter the ships that She-Hulk could barely damage [The Incredible Hulks #632]

Takes hits from Skaar, while going insane [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Energy

Tanks 5 gamma bombs to the face and only gets stronger from it [The Incredible Hulks #635]

Fin Fang Foom is radiating the mystical power of 17 of hercules blows, the radiation is enough to kill the continent, and only Hulk can absorb it [The Incredible Hulks #635]

No sells Fin Fang Foom [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Fin Fang Foom was amped, to be strong enough to take over the world [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Fucks Umar, Umar has incinerated others by dawn [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Them copulating created a plateau busting energy explosion through a portal [The Incredible Hulks #633]

This actually an insane endurance feat - normal Savage Hulk fucking Umar for less than 30 seconds took out so much energy that he transformed back into Banner, with so little stress that he couldn't turn back into Hulk [Defenders (2005) #3]

Regeneration/Endurance
"We're gonna fight. Like no one has ever fought before. And we're gonna die. And then we're gonna fight some more."
Fights for four days non-stop against an enemy that's comparable to him [The Incredible Hulks #635]

Unaffected by being sliced through the arm [The Incredible Hulks #635]

Takes a giant slash across the back [The Incredible Hulks #633]

Gets pierced with many strands of Oldpower sand [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Gets pierced by the Oldforge blade without being meaningfully affected [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Speed
Jumping

No sells Arm'chedon and jumps through a ship that She-Hulk punching as hard as she could could only crater [The Incredible Hulks #632]

Super-Impact

Punches skaar, jumps, and hits the ground before he does [The Incredible Hulk (1968) #610]

Super-impact [The Incredible Hulks #632]