
1
Search Quora
Profile photo for Karl Wittelsbach
Superheroes
Atom Eve (fictional chara...
Fictional Battles
Marvel Comics Characters
Doctor Manhattan (DC char...
Comic Book Superheroes
Death Fights
DC Characters
Marvel Characters
+ 5
Who would win in a death battle, Dr. Manhattan or Atom Eve?
Sort
Profile photo for Minato Uchiha (جوكوكاكاروت)
Minato Uchiha (جوكوكاكاروت)
 · 
Follow
Naruto, DBZ, OPM, Baki, Kengan Ashura and Avatar2y

THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THESE TWO IS SO COMICALLY ASTRONOMICAL THAT DR MANHATTEN MOST LIKELY BLINKS ATOM EVE OUT OF EXISTENCE!!!!

There is no other outcome here…

Let’s take a quick look see:

Atom Eve has the power to manipulate matter on an atomic scale - an incredibly broken ability that lets her create, transform and perhaps even destroy almost anything with her mind. This could be anything from creating large forests with their own ecosystems to repairing and rebuilding entire cities devastated by disaster. Hell she could even resurrect the dead by reconstructing their bodies at an atomic level. Oh and she can also heal herself and others from injuries that would normally prove fatal for most.

In terms of power and durability she’s been able to match and even withstand attacks strong enough to take out entire cities….



She’s also been able hold off a large army of Viltrumite Hybrids who struggled massively trying to break through her shields and barriers. Well for a significant period of time anyway…

There’s obviously a whole bunch of other examples but this should suffice for now. If you do wanna see more then click the following link:

https://comicvine.gamespot.com/forums/gen-discussion-1/atom-eve-invincible-respect-thread-2229062/
Overall Atom Eve has proven formidable in her own right..

Unfortunately she quite literally pales in comparison to an opponent who's power and control over reality terrifies even the likes of Mr Mxyzptlk.

Why is this relevant you ask?

Well because Mr Mxy is an incredibly broken 5th dimensional imp who has the power to manipulate reality on a multiversal scale and even play around with the DC Multiverse when he’s bored..

And I’m not speaking figuratively…

I mean he’s actually playing with the actual DC Multiverse, the same way you and I would with an ant farm in our bedrooms…

For gods sake look at the pic below 😲😲😲


In fact with 99% of Mxy’s power, Emperor Joker reshaped the entire multiverse in his image, and was going to erase it. In this new reality he replaced the Justice League with villains, changed Mister Mxyzptlk and Jokerized the Spectre. He was even able to warp heaven and hell into his mad image and was going to unimagine reality out of existence…



And yet Dr Manhattan is exponentially stronger than Mr Mxyzptlk..

Do I even even need to carry on?

I mean this is someone who has the power to end EVERYTHING with a simple wave of his hand. And by everything I mean the entire DC Metaverse and everything contained within. I'm not gonna cover the full scan but I will provide a link at the bottom if you do wanna see it in its entirety….



Of course he would eventually restore the entire Metaverse back to how it was before his interference.

Well almost….

I mean he did remove 10 years from the original timeline, creating the New 52..

There’s obviously a whole bunch of other examples which speak to his incredible power but this should suffice for now. If you do wanna see more then click the following link:

https://www.reddit.com/r/respectthreads/comments/tiktva/respect_dr_manhattan_watchmen_2009/
So the answer to your question is:

DR MANHATTAN IS STRONG ENOUGH TO BLINK ATOM EVE OUT OF EXISTENCE!!!

There are simply too far apart in overall stats, abilities and even levels of existence for there to be any other outcome here..

Well that’s my two cents..

Hope it helps..

3K views
View 31 upvotes
View 2 shares
Related
Who would win, Alien X vs Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Chicken Nuggets
Chicken Nuggets
 · 
Follow
Chicken Nugget Therapist (also likes anime/comics) (1924–present)4y
Dr. Manhattan takes this with utter ease.

Alien X recreated the Universe and tanked it’s destruction (It’s an infinite universe).



But Doc destroyed the entire DC multiverse, including realms like Sphere of the Gods, and Monitor Sphere.







The two don’t compare. Manhattan negs with no effort.


35.5K views
View 227 upvotes
View 1 shareAnswer requested by 
Zach Kabia
1 of 23 answers
Related
Who would win, Anos Balidiglod or Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Zalgo
Zalgo
 · 
Follow
Lives in Living in Vietnam (2013–present)3y
I think you meant “Anos Voldigoad”.


Who is complete fodder to the Doctor.


He hit the Speed Force, which is Omnipresent.


He also reset the entire timeline.


He also messed with the Story of Superman.


He also scales above Mr. Mxyzptlk.


Mr. Mxyzptlk Affected the Source Wall.


Which is above the likes of Monitor Sphere, Limbo, Sphere of Gods.


He can also move freely in Hypertime.


So Dr. Manhattan takes this with no difficulty.


17.3K views
View 86 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 4 answers
Related
Who wins, Superboy Prime or Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Elyon Dagon (Ez)
Elyon Dagon (Ez)
 · 
Follow
Ph.D. in Marvel Comics (company) & DC Comics, Comics (narrative art)Updated 4y
Who wins, Superboy Prime or Dr. Manhattan?

Dr. Manhattan.

Controversial take? He wins easily.

So if you know me, you know I’ve recently turn-coated on how I feel about the Perpetua, Darkest Knight, Dr. Manhattan hierarchy.

Perpetua is capable of destroying 2 infinite Multiverses and the Infinite Hypertime simultaneously.

Profile photo for Elyon Dagon (Ez)
Elyon Dagon (Ez)
 · 4y
Who would win, Perpetua or Lucifer Morningstar?
Who would win, Perpetua or Lucifer Morningstar? This’ll be one of my last few Lucifer vs answers until the DC cosmology is fully unfucked. I’ll probably be going back and tweaking or completely redoing previous Lucifer answers cuz they were *ahem* Anyway, to answer your question: Lucifer. By both feats and function. Let’s start with his greatest feat, which you can find here As for Lucifer, by function, he is second only to the Source/Presence. With the recent revelation that the Presence is a projection of the Source used to interact with the Omniverse, →Who is the real supreme being in DC comics?← this statement makes him beyond nearly everything. Now as far as retcons work, this one doesn’t. Until you consider the variables in play. We’re talking about the Endless. They exist because existence and nonexistence does and does not. They exist because function exists. They exist because. Nothing but the absence of their function in the entirety of the Omniverse, save for the Source itself, can actually kill them. Death herself is Death everywhere. Capable of killing ideas, aka, Cosmic Entities, like beings with the function of Mistress Death for instance. She also immediately spawned in Lucifers Multiverse, indicating that she must exist wherever life does, no matter the Multiverse. They would have known the entire time that the Source and the Presence were the same. Simply because beings like the Spectre were unaware does nothing to diminish their own knowledge of the truth. He’s also an aspect of the Source/Presence This makes Lucifer so far beyond everything that’s ever existed in comics, it’s not even funny. Perpetua, as powerful as she was, was defeated very easily by the Cosmic Raptor who in turn is nothing but an agent of the Judges, who are far beyond the Hands. The Judges and the Chronicler are themselves only agents of the Source. As second only to the Source, Lucifer is more powerful than anyone I name. This puts Lucifer on a level we’ve never witnessed before. It puts all of his Vertigo showings to shame. It implies that he’s capable of wiping the infinite infinitely sized Multiverses in the Omniverse, which he did to the Mansions of Silence. This conjecture is validated by his utter disregard for the power of the Source and the Writer Lucifer slaps in feats and function. Thanks for reading! Hope this helps! ———The Lightbringer———
Making her farrrr beyond the Darkest Knight at her most powerful. Sure he could be implied as more powerful, but he doesn’t have the feats or proper scaling to support it.

“But he defeated Perpetua.” Who was stated by Scott Snyder to have never been at full power throughout all of Metal and Death Metal. So no. Using the argument “The Hands couldn’t defeat him, so Perpetua couldn’t either” doesn’t work. Perpetua was one of the most powerful and feared Hands throughout the Omniverse. There’s nothing to support the fact that her full power wasn’t enough to beat the Darkest Knight.

The most we saw from the Darkest Knight was creating 52 Universes and destroying Hypertime with his presence after attaining the Dark Multiverse Manhattans power.

Now first, I wanna debunk a pretty idiotic belief: Manhattan is solely composed of Connective Energy.

In Death Metal #1, Wally recounts everything that happened between Perpetua and the League



"Not long ago, a being from another reality, brimming with Connective Energy, Dr. Manhattan, tried to mend the fracture jn our Multiverse, to heal the scars of former crises…But his attempt did not have the intended effect. So the Quintessence gathered the energy and gave it to you and the League to fight Perpetua. You harnessed all Connective Energy, she harnessed all Crisis Energy, and you battled! What happened in the clash I don’t know, only that it exhausted both forces in a blast so powerful it burned out the sun.”

Now important here is the fact that Wally, while explaining this and during the conflict itself still retained the power Manhattan put in the Mobius Chair, as well as Clark Osterman from Doomsday Clock #12, retaining the portion Manhattan gave to him.


This is further supported by the fact that Manhattan generates neither The Speed Force nor the Emotional Spectrum, both aspects of Connective Energy.


So it’s impossible for him to be composed of Connective Energy or the source of Connective Energy.

This also means that the power used to stalemate Perpetua wasn’t all the power he had. So saying Perpetua = Manhattan <Darkest Knight = Superboy Prime, doesn’t work. I’m going to show you why Manhattan>Perpetua>Darkest Knight > Superboy Prime.

Now in Doomsday Clock #12, Manhattan destroyed and recreated everything that revolves around Superman, which is not just the Metaverse, but the entirety of DCs canon.







That included everything.


The infinite Pre-Crisis Multiverse, the 52 Multiverse, the New 52 Multiverse, the Watchmen Universe and the infinite Hypertime.

That’s a total of AT LEAST 3 Multiverses and the infinite Hypertime.

Destroyed and recreated in the blink of an eye.

Superboy Prime exhausted himself on someone who created 52 universes and destroyed Hypertime.











BUT, Superboy Prime is Silver Age Superman personified. If plot armor had a name, it’s name would be Superboy Prime.

I still believe Manhattan takes it without difficulty.

———Blue Man Group———

11.8K views
View 46 upvotes
View 1 shareAnswer requested by 
FreezerMonkey
1 of 16 answers
Related
Who would win, Doctor Manhattan or Godzilla?
Profile photo for James Nealy
James Nealy
 · 
Follow
Metroid, Cthulhu Mythos, Warhammer and Kaiju Expert.
 · 
2y
All but one version of Godzilla would be toast. Dr. Manhattan is outerversal in power…Godzilla is a big reptile that is generally a planetary level or lower. It’s a complete stomp.

The only possible exception is Godzilla in Hell’s version of Godzilla. This version of Godzilla was able to battle his way out of hell itself, killing a godlike guardian at the end of hell, and even more impressively damaging/killing a stand-in of the Judeo-Christian God. This incarnation would at least be able to fight Dr. Manhattan, but even then I’m pretty sure Manhattan would win most of the time.
Related
Who would win: Doctor Manhattan or Molecule Man?
Profile photo for Filip Stevanovic
Filip Stevanovic
 · 
Follow
Studied at Gymnasium Laza Kostic7y
This is battle of transcendent beings.

Dr. Manhattan is a mortal who became a godlike being through being disintegrated by Instrinsic Field Subtractor and then later on reconstructed himself. His powers is so immense that he can perceive past, future and present as one also it was stated that his power is even grater then of Mr Mxyzptlk which is 5th dimensional being.

Molecule Man is powerful mutated human who can control energy and matter to such extent that he is often potrayed as Universal to Multiversal threat.

Now it depends which version of Molecule Man are we using. Pre-retcon or Post-retcon?

Pre-retcon Molecule Man vs Dr. Manhattan: This version of Molecule man was nearly equally as strong as Pre-retcon Beyonder who in turn was infinite dimensional being who was at time millions times more powerful then entire Marvel Multiverse combined. In this case Dr. Manhattan is outmatced by Pre-retcon Molecules Man sheer power.
Post-retcon Molecule Man vs Dr. Manhattan: This battle is closer this version of Molecule Man is weaker version of the two. His best feat was producing trans-multiversal quake when clashing with Post-retcon Beyonder. Which would put him at Multiverse level or even Multiverse level+. Still Manhattan alone is able to do such feat if he was stated to be stronger then 5th dimensional Imps like Mr Mxyzptlk. Here Manhattan takes a win.
There is newest version of Molecule Man who absorbed powers of Ivory Kings/Beyonders and added them to his own. Which at least would make him more powerful then Post-retcon Living Tribunal who was stated to be watcher and guardian of Marvel Multiverse and said to exist in 16th dimensional Space. Which means Molecule Man in this state is far more powerful then Dr. Manhattan and wins this round too.
Hope I answered your question :)

37.7K views
View 148 upvotes
Answer requested by 
Harrison Mueller
1 of 13 answers
Related
Dr. Manhattan vs. Perpetua, who would win?
Profile photo for Collective Unconscious
Collective Unconscious
 · 
Follow
4y
In my opinion, this is a relatively easy question to answer. Dr Manhattan takes this relatively easy.

Perpetua can barely destroy a universe while nearly at full power, and needs to recharge again to do so.


Dr Manhattan on the other hand can casually destroy the metaverse (the main universe in DC).



So it’s really simple. One who is casually universal would beat someone who needs to recharge after destroying a single universe before she can destroy one again.

Hope this helps

4.9K views
View 27 upvotes
1 of 5 answers
Related
Who wins in a fight, Cosmic Armour Superman or Doctor Manhattan?
Profile photo for MarvelDCGodzillaDragonBallBullyMaguire
MarvelDCGodzillaDragonBallBullyMaguire
 · 
Follow
Know a lot about comics4y
Cosmic Armour Superman wins.


He has infinite adaptation-


And also, he wasn’t hurt by the heat of 10 billion suns, it was the blood of 52 universes too-


A single drop of bleed can destroy the DC omniverse-


Mandrakk is a hyperstory-


CAS is as well-


The Overvoid contains and creates all of fiction-


CAS is everything limbo isn’t, he contains all of fiction.

People and downplayers say CAS and Mandrakk died. They never did.



CAS was featured in DC, he never is a part of DC. he exists simultaneously in all of fiction.

The overvoid didn’t contain DC comics, DC was the ‘infection’-


Yeah. Dr. Manhattan dies.

14.2K views
View 72 upvotes
View 6 shares
1 of 6 answers
Related
Who would win, Alien X vs Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Michael Stevenson
Michael Stevenson
 · 
Follow
Astrophysicist at NASA (2010–present)7y
It all depends based on their feats and powers.

Lets first look at Dr. Manhattan


He was once known as Dr. Jonathan Osterman. He was a nuclear scientist before he transformed himself to what’s known today: Dr. Manhattan.

Some of his powers and abilities are…

1. Superhuman Strength, Speed, and Durability
2. Teleportation
3. Telekinesis
4. Intangibility
5. Flight
6. Invulnerability (Unable to be harmed)
7. Able to look into the past, present, and future
8. Has a Non-Corporal body
9. Regeneration (Able to regenerate if his whole body was destroyed as long as his conscious remains)
10. Immortality (DM is immortal and can never age)
11. Enhanced senses
12. Cosmic Awareness
13. Size Alteration
14. Matter Manipulation
15. Bio-Fusion

Now his weaknesses…

1. His only known weakness is that he eventually gave up on humanity and he wandered off on his own throughout the universe to do his own thing. (This won’t affect him here)

Now looking at into his feats…

1. He created the New 52 Multiverse which contains 52 Universes making him at least Multi Universal



2. Stated to be more powerful than Mister Mxyzptlk a 5th Dimensional Imp who transcends the past, present, and future across infinite universes making him at least 5-D



3. He changed an event, which fractured the quantum reality, and in each new timeline/reality, other choices were made which further fractured those timelines/realities creating further timelines/realities, so forth and so on. As shown in the book, in one reality he went with Silk and in another he still went with Rorschach -- a fractured quantum reality wherein he is the quantum observer. Each reality is equally real and valid.


4. He was once at 3 places and phases at once



5. He regenerated himself whole after being vaporized.




6. He disintegrated Rorschach with a wave of his hand


I'll stop right there. He of course has many other feats, but I’m too lazy to post more. Also I don’t know much about DM.

Now we have Alien X


Alien X is a Celestialsapien, a very powerful Reality Warper from the Forge of Creation, where time and space does not exist and a DNA sample recorded in the Omnitrix. His home is basically outside all of existence. Alien X is a Nigh-Omnipotent (Perhaps a Questionable Omnipotent) being that can warp reality with no known limits. Alien X’s Reality Warping is so powerful that his mere thoughts become a reality. Let’s look at his powers and abilities.

1. Superhuman Strength, Speed, and Durability
2. Reality Warping (no known limits. His reality warping is so powerful his mere thoughts can be a reality)
3. Time Manipulation (Rewinded time and fixed the dam and water)
4. Mind Control (Controlled the minds of the Rooters kids in Omniverse to fight each other)
5. Resistance to Existance Erasure (He lives outside all of existence)
6. Invulnerability (Only other Celestialsapiens can harm Alien X)
7. Regeneration (Galactic Gladiator regenerated a severed hand. His highest potential of regeneration is unknown)
8. Spatial Manipulation
9. Pocket Reality Manipulation (Serena, Bellicus and Ben Tennyson hold absolute control inside Alien X's body, which is a pocket universe that contains many galaxies and universes)
10. Self Duplicaion (Can create thousands if not millions of copies of himself)
11. Size Alteration (Can alter his size to the size of galaxies. Real limits unknown)
12. Black Hole Creation
13. Immortality (Celestialsapiens are immortal are just have longevity)
14. Flight
15. Cosmic Awareness
16. Abstract Existence (Exists outside all of existence)
17. Life Manipulation (Recreated the entire Universe)
18. Telekinesis
19. Power Nullification
20. Durability Negation (Only to other Celestialsapiens)

Now onto his weaknesses…

1. Alien X can’t perform a single action until at least 2 out of his 3 personalities agree. (Since then Ben gained full control of Alien X so this is no longer a weakness)
2. Alien X’s powers can be absorbed but since DM has shown no feats that he can absorb energy, this weakness won’t be a problem.

Now for his feats

1. Recreated the entire universe with a simple thought making him at least Universal+


2. Nigh-Omniscience

He Recreated the Universe to the smallest detail with a few minor changes

3. While the entire universe was getting erased, Alien X just stands there casually



Credit to KuroTheArtist: [1]

4. Rewinded time and fixed the dam



5. Is so fast that he can create black holes

6. Stopped Galactic Gladiator’s attack with just one hand


7. Duplicated himself and defeated Galactic Gladiator



8. Ben 10 Omniverse S08E10 A New Dawn - Video Dailymotion [ https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x40ah3d ]

From 14:22–14:58

The Contemelia. A group of 5th Dimensional beings that travel through spaceless and timeless areas creating universes for experiments.

In an energy field contained The “Anihilaarg” that can either create or destroy an entire universe.

When Ben told The Contemelia to “do something” they told him that they cannot breach the field cause it was “impossible.”

Later, Ben (as Chromastone) breaks through that 5D wall with only a MERE fraction of Celestialsapien DNA.


And The Contemelia notes this as “interesting” as if this was the first time witnessing this, thus proving Alien X is beyond 5th Dimensional. Perhaps infinite 5th Dimensional. Likely 6D if we highball him.

And that’s about it. Now let’s see who would win. I will divide this into several sections.

1. Powers and Abilites
2. Strength and AP
3. Durability
4. Speed
5. Regen
6. Feats

Powers and Abilities

While DM can look through the past, present and future, Alien X can warp reality through at least a Multiversal scale. He can also nullify DM’s Attack with his Power Nullification. He also has Spatial Manipulation, Mind Control, and Self Duplication which would give DM a really hard time since he has not shown any resistance to, so I give Alien X the edge in Powers and Abilities

Alien X-1

DM-0

Strength and AP

DM created the New-52 Multiverse and was stated to be stronger than Mxyzptlk, a fifth Dimensional imp, however Alien X recreated the entire universe with a simple thought and a mere fraction of Celestialsapien DNA broke through a Fifth Dimensional Wall and Alien X was able to stop Galactic Gladiator’s Attack (who should be on par with Alien X) with one hand with no effort. So I give Alien X the edge in Strength and AP.

Alien X-2

DM-0

Durability

DM's durability is exactly unknown, but we can determine his durability with his fight with Mister Mxyzptlk. Mxyzptlk is High Multiversal, so if it is stated that he is more powerful than him, his maximum durability is High Multiversal.

Alien X’s durability is at least Universal+ where he casually survived the erasure of his Universe. It could be Multiversal but we don’t know for sure if the Celestialsapiens were erased from Chronosapien Time Bomb so I give DM the edge in Durability.

Alien X-2

DM-1

Speed

It is stated that DM exists in all universes simultaneously and perceives the past, present, and future and he is Omnipresent through space and time.

For Alien X’s speed, he is at least MFTL+ since during his fight with Galactic Gladiator [2] they were able to easily travel through the galaxies in mere seconds. DM gets the speed advantage here until this…

Forge of Creation [ https://ben10.wikia.com/wiki/Forge_of_Creation ]

The Forge of Creation is the birthplace of Celestialsapiens like Alien X. In the Forge of Creation, time and space does not exist, making Alien X’s speed infinite. Then that’s when I saw this…


The Forge of Creation exists outside of the universe so basically outside all of existence. So if we were to take this into play, Alien X’s speed would be immeasurable, although that doesn’t compare to DM. I give DM the edge in Speed.

Alien X-2

DM-2

Regen

DM was able to regenerate himself whole after being vaporized



Alien X on the other hand was only shown to regenerate his severed hand (Although that was GG, they are both Celestialsapiens so it counts). Although we all know that is not his limit. It was stated that Alien X’s Reality Warping Power is so strong with no known limits, that his thoughts become a reality, so if we take that ...

Access this answer and support the author as a Quora+ subscriber
Access all answers reserved by 
Michael Stevenson
 for Quora+ subscribers
Access exclusive answers from thousands more participating creators in Quora+
Browse ad‑free and support creators
27.1K views
View 149 upvotes
1 of 23 answers
Related
Who would win between Franklin Richards and Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Sina Cooper
Sina Cooper
 · 
Follow
Studied Comics (narrative art)5y
Let’s see.

You can kill Dr. Manhattan but he will just come back.

You can kill Franklin but it would be nearly impossible.

Let’s look at their powers and Feats:

Franklin Richards


He is a Beyond Omega Level Mutant.

his powers include:

Nigh-Omnipotence
Mentifery
Particle Energy Manipulation
Chronokinesis
Psionics
Telepathy
Telepathic Illusion
Telepathic Cloak
Mind Link
Telepathic Camouflage
Mind Control
Mind Possession
Mind Alteration
Mental Amnesia
Psionic Shield
Psionic Blasts
Astral Projection
Mental Detection
Mind Transferal
Precognitive Dreams
Dream-Self Projection
Fundamental Forces Manipulation
Telekinesis
Bio Blasts
Molecular Manipulation
Energy Constructs
Superhuman Durability
Feats:

He Created universes and pocket universes, even as a kid.
Franklin attacks back and kills a Celestial with one punch.
He expels the Celestials out of his mind after they try to attack it.
Dr. Manhattan


He has:

Nigh-Omnipotence
Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Hearing
Enhanced Vision
Energy Construct Creation
Energy Projection
Flight
Force Field
Immortality
Intangibility
Phasing
Invulnerability
Molecular Reconstruction
Disintegration
Regeneration
Photokinesis
Power Distribution
Radiation Production
Thermokinesis
Reality Alteration
Self-Sustenance
Size Alteration
Superhuman Strength
Telekinesis
Teleportation
Dimensional Travel
Electrokinesis
Elemental Control
Time-Travel
Bio-Fission
Bio-Fusion
Nigh-Omniscience
Precognition
Retrocognition
Cosmic Awareness
Enhanced Intellect
Feats:

He incapacitated all of the Heroes.
He erased the Justice Society of America from existence.
Builds a fortress on Mars.
Result: it would be a tie.

Doctor Manhattan can erase him out of existence.

Franklin can shut him down mentally.

Doctor Manhattan can turn him into a rock.

Franklin can erase all of his memory and control him.

anything can happen.

:)

24.9K views
View 118 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 18 answers
Related
Who wins, Superboy Prime or Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Monkey D. Garp.
Monkey D. Garp.
 · 
Follow
aka The Strongest Marine.4y

VS


Superboy Prime matched the Darkest Knight in power.




(the scans are not in order).

The Darkest Knight was the Batman Who Laughs with the powers of a Dr. Manhattan and the Crisis Energy of the Dark Multiverse.


He defeated Perpetua the Mother of the DC Multiverse.



I may be wrong in this one but I think Perpetua>Dr Manhattan, so since Superboy Prime=Darkest Knight, and DK>Perpetua, so yeah.

Superboy Prime beats Dr Manhattan.

12.9K views
View 83 upvotes
Answer requested by 
FreezerMonkey
1 of 16 answers
Related
Dr. Manhattan vs. Perpetua, who would win?
Profile photo for Bill Dooley
Bill Dooley
 · 
Follow
5y
Spoilers for Dark Knights:Death Metal!!! Read on only if you have no plans to read it yourself.

….

Based on this below probably not.


But alternatively she does say this…(for context the Batman who laughs has Dr Manhattan’s powers now)


She suggests he can usurp her but she may be referring to his mind (coming up with a tricky scheme) rather than his newly acquired raw power.

Either way knowing the Batman who laughs he’s going to betray her. So I guess we’ll find out for certain soon.


… (more)
Related
Who is more powerful, Superman or Dr. Manhattan? Why?
Profile photo for Edgard Macedo
Edgard Macedo
 · 
Follow
LawyerUpdated 1y
Dr. Manhattan is nigh omnipotent. He took 10 years off of the DC Universe, rebooted it and can manipulate the very fabric of reality itself to suit his every whim. He can also see past, present and future at the same time. He can even rebuild his own body from absolutely nothing. Superman stands exactly ZERO chance against Dr. Manhattan.


That said, in the comic Doomsday Clock #7, Dr. Manhattan sees that at some point in the future Superman will punch him and after that, he couldn’t see what would happen next. He couldn’t see the future beyond that, no matter how far into the future he looks.


That seems to indicate that Superman will somehow kill Dr. Manhattan permanently, or will he? It still hasn’t happened yet, though. We’ll have to wait and see.

317.3K views
View 1,728 upvotes
View 14 shares
1 of 61 answers
Related
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Manhattan or Lucifer Morningstar?
Profile photo for Kade?
Kade?
 · 
Follow
Doctorate from Grim Reaper School3y
Lucifer by a ridiculous amount. So let’s get a few things straight since other people here have already muddled the water by making it more complex than need be. It’s really as simple as establishing three things since Manhattan really had a lot of hype and relatively few feats for an op comic character.

Are there any characters Manhattan compared to
does lucifer have the feats to outdo said characters
does this make canonical sense.
as for 1 yes there is. There is a character who scales exactly equal to Dr Manhattan. Dr Manhattan somehow in his accident became the focal point for all the energy of the connective forces in dc. The speed force, emotional spectrum, life force, sphere of gods, and all the other forces. These are what make up essentially half of everything in DC, the “positives”


but on the opposite there is crisis energy wielded by perpetua which is the antithesis of ALL of this. perpetua canonically is the exact opposite and equal of dr Manhattan.

There’s tons more of these forces in the different multiverses but dr Manhattan and perpetua were basically the hands that represented these two forces.

so yes perpetua is somebody with feats we can compare Manhattan to. And that is she created the original multiverse that DC replaced. As for question 2 we just have to ask “who replaced the original multiverse”


Big Daddy Presence.

according to the writer of the event that brought perpetua and dr Manhattan into the spotlight. Perpetua was a part of a species of super beings that created multiverses harnessing energy given from the source to create them, these multiverses are contained and saved from the darkness in the overvoid that houses every one of these multiverses, and these multiverses are then watched over by the presence to see if they’re acceptable or failures. If they’re acceptable the hand that created them (these guys)


is given the ability to return within the light and is rewarded. If the hand decided to go rogue though; then there’s severe punishment. Your multiverse is wiped clean, you are either confined or exiled, and the presence creates a new one to fill the place.

this is exactly what happened to perpetua. In her desire to continue to feel like a God she created a horrible and savage multiverse that would always worship her and never die. It would constantly rise just to the point where it no longer needed her and then be obliterated in a never ending cycle ensuring she’d never be returned back to the sources light. The hands were obviously pretty pissed by this loophole because it made all of them look bad so they pleaded and got the cosmic raptor sent on her which enforces the sources will


It dragged her into to source wall and the presence was asked to clean up her mess. The presence decided sure but he brought his 3 sons from out of the void beyond the multiverses. Lucifer, Michael, and Gabriel. Each had a power of their own.


Michael held the same power the source did, where he contained energy powerful enough to create multiverses, but he had no way to shape it or give it any meaning or depth.

Lucifer was like the presence. He could take this energy used to create anything. Infinite pure energy and shape it into whatever he wanted. He could shape fire from a black hole into a supernova. A desert into an ocean, or a mega bang (multiversal Big Bang) into a fully created multiverse in an instant. He held no ability to create energy though or give it any complexity and pattern

Gabriel was more cause and effect. He could take that creation of lucifer and combine it with other creations into a pattern making everything have a plan and be tied together which is what separated it from perpetua.

so by using canon feats lucifer is just better perpetua. He has free reign to mold the multiverses or anything else of the light as he wishes. Let alone connective forces like dr Manhattan, lucifer also has control over the crisis forces because he didn’t just create the good or bad, he created their balance.

67.5K views
View 218 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 13 answers
Related
Who will win a fight between Mr. Mxy and Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Elyon Dagon (Ez)
Elyon Dagon (Ez)
 · 
Follow
Uber Geek at LiteratureUpdated 5y
Mister Mxyzptlk is capable of UNIMAGINING everything(Multiverse)



and can manipulate a Multiverse with ease.


He can exceed the limitations of his publication company, like when he crossed into the Marvel Multiverse and observed the Fantastic Four while impersonating Impossibile Man.



He can break the fourth wall, enter our reality and manipulate it and the writer.




Dr. Manhattan is at LEAST as powerful as Perpetua,


the creator of the DC Multiverse, Dark Multiverse, Antimatter Universe in addition to the Anti-Monitor, Monitor, and World Forger, evidenced by this


The creator of the DC Multiverse


Though it’s never explicitly stated that Manhattan was only made from the main Multiverses Connective Energy, or even that he’s composed of a single Multiverses Connective Energy, as clearly not all of his power is Connective, given Clark from Doomsday Clock presumably still exists and retains his portion of Manhattans power.


Mxyzptlk stands no chance. He said so himself in Doomsday Clock.



and even admitted that the ongoings of the sixth dimension are beyond him, which by the transitive property makes Manhattan more powerful than Mxyzptlk, given Manhattan is at least as powerful as Perpetua.


EDIT: Due to Dark Nights: Death Metal Rise of the New God Manhattan would most certainly wipe the floor with Mxyzptlk. Batman Who Laughs with Manhattans power, beat the absolute dogsh*t out of Perpetua, a 6th-Dimensional entity (see above scan to see how Mxy compares to such beings) and creator of the Main DC Multiverse.





For more info on Manhattan Dr. Manhattan vs The Living Tribunal?

10.5K views
View 41 upvotes
View 4 shares
1 of 6 answers
Related
Dr. Manhattan vs. Thanos, who would win?
Profile photo for Brannon Sells
Brannon Sells
 · 
Follow
Lover of Space, Son of Neptune, Devourer of Knowledge5y
Dr Manhattan would just atomise Thanos.


However, if Jim Starlin was writing the story, then Thanos would find the ultimate deus ex machina cosmic artefact, defeat Dr Manhattan before he’s born, become the supreme being in the multiverse and lose the power in some weird contrived way.





27.6K views
View 415 upvotes
View 1 shareAnswer requested by 
Larry Chao
1 of 67 answers
Related
Who, in your opinion or based on feats, is more powerful between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Sinan
Sinan
 · 
Follow
3y
Manhattan obviously,

captain atom is mid multiversal at best, doctor manhattan is high omniversal being.

he defeated captain atom with the rest of justice league .



these are all his victims



another manhattan


2.8K views
View 18 upvotes
1 of 1 answer
Related
Who would win between Dr Manhattan and Darkseid?
Profile photo for Bob Joe
Bob Joe
 · 
Follow
Comic book fan4y
Doctor Manhattan… with zero difficulty. Darkseid is one of those characters whose abilities get exaggerated a lot. He’s powerful, and as a god, he’s pretty far up in the DC hierarchy, but he’s just not on Manhattan’s level. In this case, we were actually told in the comics that Manhattan was above Darkseid

(from DC Universe: Rebirth).


Above Pandora (also from DC Universe: Rebirth)


Above even Mxyzptlk (both of these next pages are from Action Comics issue #976)



We also got this bit of info in Death Metal issue #2


Manhattan is closer to Perpetua and the Darkest Knight.

15.8K views
View 43 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 19 answers
Related
Can Superman defeat Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Miguel Raoel
Miguel Raoel
 · 
Follow
Grew up reading the comics5y
“Can Superman defeat Dr. Manhattan?”

I get it from where some get the idea that Dr Manhattan is invincible. But here's the thing.

Dr Manhattan actually tried to kill Superman and failed.

For whatever reason that always eludes me many people seem to forget that Dr Manhattan really tried to kill Superman and completely failed.



The same Dr Manhattan that had to give up on free will because he had unknowingly created an infinite amount of universes.

The same Dr Manhattan that completely stomped on almost every superhero on the Earth.



The same Dr Manhattan that changed the multiverse. And then did a full multiversal reset.

The same Dr Manhattan that effortlessly killed immortals and gods like Pandora and Metron.



The same Dr Manhattan that Mr Mxyzptlk was completely terrified of him.

Mxyzptlk runs away from reality because he feared he had drawn the attention of Manhattan to himself.

Mxyzptlk that cooperated with the World Forger to erase the multiverse so it could be replaced by the one that the World Forger had made.

That Mxyzptlk ran away from Dr Manhattan.


The Dr Manhattan that tried to kill Superman and failed.

Of course Superman wasn't left unfazed or unharmed.

Superman was left in a kind of coma. That he takes about one day or so to wake up from.


So this being that can reshape the multiverse.

This being that can create an infinite amount of universes.

This being that can reset a multiverse with the same ease you blink your eyes.

He wanted to try and kill Superman to see if he could kill him. And he failed.

And why did he failed? Was it because of PIS?

No.

Anyone that has read Superman comics long enough you know that Superman even amongst other Kryptonians he's different.

When he was fighting the 5th dimensional zealots we see Superman and the Atom enter 5th dimensional space.

And in 5th dimensional space Superman and the Atom were like paper sheets.

But then Superman focus on his power and he shifts from the 3rd dimension to the 5th dimension.




While the Atom that lacked the power remained as a sheet of paper.

So Superman power is so immense that he can shift from the 3rd dimension to the 5th dimension.

One dimension away from the Omniverse/Omniverse.

We already know that he can use his powers to shift from dimensions but that was perhaps the biggest dimensional shift Superman has ever done using only his power.

Also according to the Multiversity Guidebook you see that every other fictional character can have the essense of what makes them be what they are changed.

Except for Superman.


They even state that Superman has a direct connection to the god of superheroes.

And they made it clear that every other character is deviation or is derived from Superman in one way or another.

With Batman and Wonder Woman being the closest deviations.

Even when Superboy-Prime became the Time Trapper he admitted that the Prime Superman can't be erased from time.



Even Rip Hunter argued to the Quintessence that Superman should be destroyed or removed from reality.

Because according to Rip Hunter he said that Superman unknowingly had the power to shape predestinated events with his will alone.






So not only can Superman rewrite reality without being aware of it. But he has been shown changing the fundamental nature of even forces like Death.

Even Gaia who Ra's Al Ghul tried to awake her sleep and then share in her power. Gaia kicked out Ra's Al Ghul and she reveals Superman gold essence saying only Superman was pure enough to be her mate.

Gaia. One of the fundamental powers of creation wanted Superman as her companion.

Kismet that once watched over all the universes she too has took a liking to Superman.

He drew her attention to the point she gave up her multiversal power just so she could help him and be with him.

She even admitted there was a bond between the two.


One of perhaps the best experts here on Quora about Superman (Rui Silva) has theorized that perhaps due to Kryptonians unique quantum level physiology that their powers come from the Intrinsic Field.

He has presented a better case than I ever could but his main point is that due to that key piece of information then perhaps they draw power from the Intrinsic Field just like Dr Manhattan does.

But unlike Dr Manhattan they are far more limited in their access to that power source.

Clearly seen with the whole orange sun, yellow sun, blue sun, neutron star, and quasar. That do nothing more than further change Kryptonian physiology and by consequence gives them access to their powers.

And so to conclude.

Can Superman defeat Dr Manhattan?

Yes he can.

Because for reasons that DC Comics has barely explained why or how Superman has just like Dr Manhattan the power to change reality.

The difference is that Superman does it without realizing it while Dr Manhattan does it in full consciousness of what he's doing.

But just because Superman has no control over that power it doesn't mean that it is in any weaker than that of Dr Manhattan.

Although it has been shown that Superman has the potential power to end Dr Manhattan the most likely scenario is that neither Manhattan or Superman could end one another.

Dr Manhattan because he tried to kill Superman and saw that he could not.

Superman because he has no control over that power.

That by the way was one of Hunter main points when speaking to the Quintessence.

That Superman was a danger mainly because he did changed things without knowing he was doing it.

And thus my final conclusion can only be one.

Neither Dr Manhattan or Superman can kill one another.

Which may explain what we saw at the end of Doomsday Clock.


21.3K views
View 81 upvotes
View 3 shares
1 of 61 answers
Related
Who wins a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Featherine Augustus Aurora?
Profile photo for Jinx
Jinx
 · 
Follow
4y
Let’s scale both

dr Manhattan


created Infinite Universes


can manipulate Timelines.


He managed to reset the DC timeline


He manipulated all of existence


created new realities


Mister Mxyzptlk is terrified of Doctor Manhattan


Mr mxy can hold the dc muiltverse



mxy has beaten new gods and skyfathers.



new gods are platonic concepts


His managed match Perpetua for a short while


His rebooting of New 52 affected the many Flashes.


the fifth dimension is in the limbo and mr mxy has interacted with the authors avatars




He can freely move through time and Hypertime.


featherine


Transcends the human domain, and the conceptual hierarchy. The conceptual hierarchy is reached when you attempt to go to a higher step of the world, one step encompasses the concepts of coordinates, dimensions, reality, space, time, laws, and incomprehensible concepts



















Transcending the entire witch hierarchy the same way the hierarchy transcends the human hierarchy. Views Bernkastel, Lambdadelta and all witches as nothing but chess pieces



In Her true form represents all of 07th expansion itself, noted from rewrite the concept known as aurora is an all-powerful universe, however, this universe is only limited to the realm of humans. nonetheless, this concept is but a small representation of what Featherine's concept truly is throughout all of the world, an all-encompassing, all-powerful world. Even the voyager witches true forms like Bernkastel and Lambdadelta which are laws that help the world evolve are just another part of Featherine who is the root of all that exists as shown by aurora, the concept that surpasses even miracle and will. Featherine's true nature reached the highest heights of power and became truly inexplicable. Also meaning Featherine's true embodiment is an all-encompassing essence that embodies all stories, concepts, worlds, and laws that exist within anything within the cosmology since its the root of everything. From human to witch Featherine is noted as omnipotent and transcendent to everything within the entire cosmology, but is only limited by the creator. Nonetheless, Everything within 07th expansion is a form of the "life" which is connected to Featherines true embodiment which is "life"

Featherine transcends witches the same way they transcend humans


Featherine reached the creators region


Featherine is a creator witch




Featherine's plot manipulation














Featherine touches the creator, reaching the absolute highest forbidden heights and surviving the creator


So who wins

featherine


9.2K views
View 39 upvotes
View 3 shares
1 of 4 answers
Related
Who would win between Dr. Manhattan and the Chaos King?
Profile photo for Leo Chan
Leo Chan
 · 
Follow
4y
Okay, jesus i didnt think this answer would’ve been so hard

At first, i thought Manhattan would stomp, but i remembered this

https://qr.ae/pGFSJe
so this would mean that it could be closer than i thought

Chaos King destroyed 98.76% of the multiverse


it was later stated by Oblivion that the Chaos King didn’t accomplish the full destruction of the multiverse because he was a mere aspect of him


Mr Mxyzptlk, a 5th dimensional imp whos power is limited only by his imagination, once destroyed the multiverse as a joke and then re-created it




for Mxy, the multiverse is a playground in which he can have as much fun as he wants, he can even see it from above


yet, Mxy was scared of Dr Manhattan.


Dr Manhattan literally destroyed everything




At first i didnt think it’d be this close, i think it might be a tought fight, but my money would be on Manhattan

20.2K views
View 100 upvotes
1 of 2 answers
Related
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Dr. Manhattan? Does it ever happen in the comics?
Profile photo for Andre Xast
Andre Xast
 · 
Follow
Writer. Gamer. Comic reader, News watcher, VFX artist6y
it’s actually coming soon


9K views
View 52 upvotes
Answer requested by 
Gulshan Bhadoria
1 of 5 answers
Related
Who would win the fight, Dormammu or Dr. Manhattan, and why?
Profile photo for Matt
Matt
 · 
Follow
Lives in Georgia (1998–present)
 · 
5y
I would have to say Manhattan.


Mxy feared him and called him the architect of all weirdness.


He could manipulate all of Time in the existence of the Multiverse.


He manages to reset the DC Timeline.


Even destroyed the entire Multiverse.


… (more)
Related
Who is more powerful, Superman or Captain Atom?
Profile photo for Nathan-EL Salvatore
Nathan-EL Salvatore
 · 
Follow
Superman Feat Specialist.5y
Superman has proven to be much more powerful than Captain Atom.

Although Captain Atom has shown to have the ability to absorb all types of energy for different purposes in this case Superman has also shown to have the power to harness all forms of energy to increase his power.

Captain Atom draws his power from the Quantum Field.

Superman can feel he can even tap into the Quantum Field.


The physiology of a Kryptonian like Superman has been shown to have the ability to harness the power of the Quantum Field to develop powers equal to those of Captain Atom.


So the genetics of a Kryptonian can develop almost unlimited abilities depending on the energy sources to which it is exposed.

So although it can be said that both Superman and Captain Atom can harness all forms of energy, it does not exactly mean that they are equally powerful.

So it's not just about absorbing energy but how much power you can get from that energy.

And in this sense Superman has a pretty big advantage over Captain Atom.

For example ... if Captain Atom absorbs an entire Sun it does not mean that he will obtain the same level of power that Superman would obtain if he also absorbed an entire Sun ... because Captain Atom does not have that "Unique Plus" that only the physiology of a Kryptonian it can offer.

So any source of energy that Superman absorbs will always have that unique increase in power due to his physiology as a Kryptonian.

We know that the genes of a Kryptonian take better advantage of the energy they absorb and provide more power with less energy.

I say this precisely because we have seen Superman destroy dimensions and equalize Multiversal energies only by being empowered with sunlight, so with this we can say that with only little energy like sunlight it makes Superman have a universal or greater power.

Not to mention that Superman defeated a guy named World Forger who has a Multiversal + power.


So what is equivalent to a few seconds of Sundip Superman has a Multiversal power only with solar energy.

Obviously if Captain Atom absorbs the energy of yellow suns he will not obtain Multiversal power because his physiology is not that of a Kryptonian.

Not to mention that Superman has wielded energies beyond the Quantum Field.

Superman can absorb Bleed.


Bleed is an energy so powerful that only beings like Mandraak and the rest of the monitors could consume.


Bleed is the energy where the DC Multiverse was born.

Superman can also absorb the energy of the Totality which is the energy that created the entire DC Multiverse, and the Godly Sphere.



So Superman has harnessed energy from sources much larger than the Quantum Field, he has even harnessed powers directly from the Quantum Field.

It's that simple .. If Superman and Captain Atom get power from the Quantum Field Superman will be more powerful because Superman has quantum powers and apart from the unique power that his physiology gives him as a Kryptonian.

See it this way..

Superman Quantum Powers + Unique Kryptonian Physiology >>>> Captain Atom Quantum Powers.

Whatever energy Superman and Captain Atom can absorb, Superman will always have the advantage because of his unique physiology as a Kryptonian.

We already saw that Superman can develop Quantum Field powers while Captain Atom could not develop the physiology of a Kryptonian.

We also saw that Superman can absorb the energies that created the Multiverse including the energies where the Multiverse was born.

It doesn't take a genius as Superman has proven to be much much much more powerful than Captain Atom.

6.8K views
View 37 upvotes
View 3 shares
1 of 29 answers
Related
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Zach Czajkowski
Zach Czajkowski
 · 
Follow
Studied at Colorado School of Mines8y
So, this isn’t my forte, but I’ll take a crack at this. Captain Atom is recognized in DC as one of the few people who can go toe to toe with Superman, along with Shazam. Actually, in the old JL animated series, he attempts to do just that: taking the Boy Scout down. His power stems from manipulation of the electromagnetic spectrum, granted to him by a nuclear detonation I believe. He quite literally has the power of the sun in the palm of his hand.

But, he has one glaring weakness. Remember that animated movie where Batman and Superman become wanted fugitives? A task force, which consisted of Captain Atom, his evil twin (not kidding) Major Force, and others. During the fight, Major Force suffers a hit that punctures his body. This is a small problem. Both CA and MF are literally walking radiation, encased in a suit. That puncture swiftly killed Major Force and almost irradiated an entire city, until CA sacrificed himself to contain the energy.

See the problem? CA is a literal flight risk: any puncture in his suit quickly would lead to his death and potentially millions of others if there was no help around. That is a pretty glaring weakness.

Then, there’s the Doctor: the only true “superhero” in Watchmen. He’s a recognized genius, can rearrange himself on the atomic level, can teleport, can walk on the freaking surface of the sun, and can vaporize someone without a problem. This fight would begin and end quickly: Doctor Manhattan takes a look at Captain Atom, sighs, and scatters his every atom (get it?) across the known universe.

And then he walks away, bitching about how his friend is sleeping with his girlfriend.

Oh, and here’s a PSA Doc: chicks DO NOT like a glow stick for a boyfriend, unless you’re at a rave. And then, she better be tripping balls.

15.9K views
View 37 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 7 answers
Related
Who would win: Doctor Manhattan or Molecule Man?
Profile photo for Vedant Nagar
Vedant Nagar
 · 
Follow
Marvel fanatic
 · 
7y
Thanks for A2A Harrison Mueller

Molecule man stomps dr Manhattan to be honest.

Dr Manhattan is what universal level? Molecule man was able to duke it out with freakin beyonder, they both were destorying multiverse.



I remember reading to that one day beyonder got angry due death to his girlfriend (Dazzler) and in rage he destroyed MULTIVERSAL and molecule man like a OG repaired ALL OF MULTIVERSE IN INSTANCE.

Do y'all think dr Manhattan can compete with someone like that?… (more)
Related
Who would win a fight, Hulk or Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Sina Cooper
Sina Cooper
 · 
Follow
Doctor Manhattan Expert5y
Let’s see:

Doctor Manhattan


Biography:
Jonathan Osterman was born in 1929. Jon planned to follow in his father's footsteps as a watchmaker, but when the U.S. drops the atomic bomb on Hiroshima, his father declares his profession outdated and instead forces him to work toward a career studying nuclear physics. The incident represents the turning point in Jon's potential future from watchmaker to nuclear physicist and foreshadows Doctor Manhattan's "exterior" perception of time as predetermined and all things within it as so determined, including Manhattan's own reactions and emotions. Jon attends Princeton University and graduates with a Ph.D. in atomic physics. In early 1959, he moves to a research base at Gila Flats, where experiments are being performed on the "intrinsic fields" of physical objects which, if tampered with, result in their disintegration. Here he meets Janey Slater, a fellow researcher; they eventually become lovers. During a visit to an amusement park in New Jersey, Janey's wristwatch is broken, which Jon promises to fix. However, one month later, Jon discovers he has left the repaired watch in his lab coat inside a test chamber. While he is inside, the door to the chamber closes and locks. The researchers are unable to open the door or override the countdown, and Jon's body is torn to pieces from the force of the generator. In the following months, It becomes apparent that Jon is progressively re-forming himself during this time, as indicated by a series of partial bodily reappearances: first a disembodied nervous system including the brain and eyes; then as a circulatory system; and then as a partially muscled skeleton.
Powers and Abilities:
He is invulnerable to all harm; even when his body is disintegrated, he can reconstruct it in a matter of seconds and remains unharmed. He is capable of altering his size. Jon has complete awareness of and control over atomic and subatomic particles. He is also an Omnikinetic. He does not need air, water, food or sleep, and is immortal. He can teleport himself and others, fly, see his past, present, and future simultaneously. In addition to these powers, Jon is able to phase any part of his body through solid objects without damaging them, produce multiple copies of himself which function independently of each other, project destructive energy, disintegrate people, create force fields, transmute, create and destroy matter, move objects without physically touching them, and create life. He also claims to have walked on the surface of the Sun. He is also capable of manipulating reality as he sees fit through the use of time manipulation, as seen when he erased ten years from the DC Universe when Barry Allen tried to bring his original universe back to normal. The intervention of Jon caused The New 52 timeline to be formed, within which most superheroes are younger and less experienced, and most of them lose their most important relationships before they even begin.
Feats:
Destroying and recreating the DC Metaverse:




Killing Pandora, Metron, and Owlman:


Stealing 10 years of DC’s history:

The Hulk


Biography:
Following Bruce Banner’s accidental exposure to gamma rays saving the life of Rick Jones during the detonation of an experimental bomb, Banner is physically transformed into the Hulk when subjected to emotional stress, at or against his will, often leading to destructive rampages and conflicts that complicate Banner's civilian life. The Hulk's level of strength is normally conveyed as proportionate to his level of anger. Commonly portrayed as a raging savage, the Hulk has been represented with other personalities based on Banner's fractured psyche, from a mindless, destructive force, to a brilliant warrior, or genius scientist in his own right.
Powers and Abilities:
The Hulk possesses the potential for seemingly limitless physical strength which is influenced by his emotional state, particularly his anger. This has been reflected in the repeated comment, "The madder Hulk gets, the stronger Hulk gets." The Beyonder once analyzed the Hulk's physiology, and claimed that the Hulk's potential strength had "no finite element inside." Hulk's strength has been depicted as sometimes limited by Banner's subconscious influence; when Jean Grey psionically "shut Banner off", Hulk became strong enough to overpower and destroy the physical form of the villain Onslaught. Writer Greg Pak described the Worldbreaker Hulk shown during World War Hulk as having a level of physical power where "Hulk was stronger than any mortal—and most immortals—who ever walked the Earth", and depicted the character as powerful enough to completely destroy entire planets. His strength allows him to leap into lower Earth orbit or across continents, and he has displayed superhuman speed, durability, stamina and regeneration healing factor. Exposure to radiation has also been shown to make the Hulk stronger.
Feats:
Lifting a mountain:


Denting Adamantium:


Destroying Umar’s Dark Dimension:


Shaking infinite Dimensions:

Result:

Doctor Manhattan Wins!

Even though Hulk has some impressive strength feats and some matter manipulation immunity he can’t defeat Manhattan, but Manhattan can just throw him into the Sun or a Blackhole.

Hope This Helps

Disclaimer:

This is only my opinion if you believe otherwise you can write your own answer or comment on why I’m wrong.

8.5K views
View 61 upvotes
View 1 share
1 of 14 answers
Related
Who would win: Doctor Manhattan or Molecule Man?
Profile photo for Dennis Brightside
Dennis Brightside
 · 
Follow
7y
I see that folks have posted info about the Molecule Man fighting the Beyonder and decimating universes and declaring him the winner based on that. Well so far Dr. Manhattan has recreated the entire DC universe, according to what we’ve seen in Doomsday Clock so that probably puts him on equal footing. Both have the ability to effect molecular manipulation on a grand scale and we’ve only seen Dr. Manhattan on a very limited scale to date. According to the Dr. Manhattan wikipedia page: [Dr. Manhattan] effortlessly overpowered and disintegrated Pandora, who overpowered the Seven Deadly Sins with ease, with each Sin being capable of destroying a multiverse the size of DC Comics several times over.

So let’s give Dr. Manhattan a comparable power level to Molecule Man. They’re not in the same universe and one character has been appearing far more regularly than the other and DC is expanding on Manhattan’s power level in detail in an ongoing current series (which wasn’t done in Watchmen).

So their power level is somewhat equal; some may say that Molecule Man has an edge in experience. And that’s where you’re wrong and more importantly that’s why I think Doc takes it.

For all his power, Molecule Man has remained inherently human. Human emotion, human feelings, human perception of time. Dr. Manhattan has transcended that. Tomorrow is yesterday to him. Twenty five years ago is now to him. Today already happened a million times.

Dr. Manhattan knows more. He has the experience of Dr. Manhattan from tomorrow, from ten years or a million years from now. If these two did end up in a fight, Doc already knows how the battle will go; he’s seen it and he knows how it begins and ends. And knowledge is power.

If it’s just two nigh omnipotent beings tossing around the power to reshape the universe I give it to the one who understands it with every fiber of his being and can perceive more than the other and that would be Dr. Manhattan.

13.7K views
View 69 upvotes
Answer requested by 
Harrison Mueller
1 of 13 answers
Related
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Manhattan or Cosmic Superman?
Profile photo for Gary A
Gary A
 · 
Follow
I am comic book scholar of sorts. 4y
It was stated in Death Night Metal #1, that Perpetua manipulated the events of all crisis stories. That means she also manipulated Mandrakk to do her bidding. So, if she was Dr. Manhattan level, that means Dr. M is more powerful than Cosmic armor super man can’t defeat him. He is above cosmic armor Superman.


1.5K views
View 8 upvotes
1 of 2 answers
Related
In DC Comics, could Cosmic Armor Superman defeat Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Alan
Alan
 · 
Follow
Lives in Earth (2004–present)6y
This is Dr. Manhattan


He is shown to be absolutely powerful and invulnerable to all harm; even when his body is disintegrated, he can reconstruct it in a matter of seconds.
He is also an omnikinetic. He does not need air, water, food or sleep and is immortal. He can teleport himself and others over limitless distances.
Due to his perception of time, he sees the past, present, and future simultaneously.

He is able to alter his size, project destructive energy, disintegrate people, create force fields, transmute, create and destroy matter, move objects without physically touching them, reverse entropy, and create life.

This is Cosmic Armour Superman


The Thought Robot is a Sentential woken up in a body of pure thought. He is powered by symmetry, memories, duality, probabilities, and possibilities. A sentinel-suit designed for a single purpose, to protect all existence against the ultimate enemy.

He can easily adapt to over power his opponent, he is able to break the fourth wall, he is a living, walking plot machine, adapts to face any target, and is much bigger than the DC multiverse.

Cosmic Armour Superman takes this 10/10 times. Dr. Manhattan stands no chance in a battle with CA Superman. He literally knows about the readers, and exists outside the DC universe.


=)

37.6K views
View 153 upvotes
1 of 6 answers
Related
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
Profile photo for Sinan
Sinan
 · 
Follow
Updated 3y
Manhattan takes this with zero effort

because he handled atom with zero effort :)

Manhattan is literally advanced ascended version of captain atom., he defeated captain atom without trying, along with every superhero and even restarted metaverse and did other bunch of things that atom can’t hope to do.


4.3K views
View 15 upvotes
1 of 7 answers
Related questions
Who would win in an all-out battle between Firestorm (DC) and Atom Eve (Invincible)?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Superman Prime?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Atom or Giganta?
Who wins in a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Nebula?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Ghost Rider (Blaze), Dr. Manhattan, The Mask or Phantom Stranger?
Who wins a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Featherine Augustus Aurora?
Dormammu vs Dr. Manhattan, who wins Death Battle?
Who would win, Anos Balidiglod or Dr. Manhattan?
Who would win in a fight between The Darkness Knight and Dr. Manhattan?
Who wins in a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Ancient One?
Dr. Manhattan vs. Dr. Manhattan, who would win?
Sonic vs Dr. Manhattan, who would win and why?
Who will win, DC Dr. Manhattan or Marvel Knull?
Who wins a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Lord Hanuman?
Related questions
Who would win in an all-out battle between Firestorm (DC) and Atom Eve (Invincible)?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Superman Prime?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Atom or Giganta?
Who wins in a death battle between Dr. Manhattan and Nebula?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Ghost Rider (Blaze), Dr. Manhattan, The Mask or Phantom Stranger?
Add question
