"Of all the creatures in the vastness of the Universe, there is none like me. I was present at the birth of the Universe, and I shall be there at its end. Though I ravage worlds to live, I bear no malice toward any living thing. I simply do what I must to survive. And why must Galactus survive? For, no matter how many worlds I devour ... How many civilizations I destroy ... It is my destiny to one day give back to the Universe – Infinitely more than I have ever taken from it. So speaks Galactus." ― Galactus

Summary
Galactus was originally an explorer named Galan from a planet called "Taa" in a universe that existed before the big bang. When the impending cataclysm gradually killed all life in his universe, including almost all of his own people, he and other survivors sought to escape the decay of their world. They left Taa via a space vessel, but it was eventually engulfed in the cataclysm that ended the old universe and spawned a new one. Galan, however, did not die, but was transformed by the Sentience of the Universe, and gestated for billions of years, emerging (partially due to the inactivity of a Watcher) into the new universe as Galactus.

Powers and Stats
Tier: 4-B | At least 2-C, possibly 2-A | 2-A | Low 1-A

Name: Galactus, The Eater of Worlds, formerly known as Galan | The Lifebringer, The Seeder of Worlds

Origin: Marvel Comics

Gender: Inapplicable, originally male

Age: Predates the current Universe, though now technically beyond time

Classification: Cosmic Entity, Force of Nature, Embodiment of the Balance Between Life & Death | Embodiment of Rebirth & Renewal

Powers and Abilities:

Normal Abilities
Lifebringer Abilities
Superhuman Physical Characteristics, Incorporeality, Acausality (Type 1. Unaffected by his own actions bending time and affecting the past), Immortality (Types 1, 3, 4 and 8), Regeneration (Low-Godly. Not even Death can claim Galactus, and Galactus is capable of regenerating from complete physical annihilation), Reality Warping (Stated by Reed that his mere presence can alter reality), Spatial Manipulation (Galactus' mere presence bends and reshapes the fabric of space around him), Time Manipulation (Galactus' existence bends time, influencing the past, present and future simultaneously), Energy Manipulation (Has complete control over energy, be it physical, cosmic, spiritual, magical, or mental), Matter Manipulation (Can manipulate matter on a sub-atomic level, able to convert physical beings into many things such as an insect or even as pure energy. Made the electrons in the flames of the Human Torch contract), Physics Manipulation (Can bend, alter, and defy the known laws of physics), Perception Manipulation (As Galactus has no true form, every being perceives him the best way their limited mind can comprehend), Soul Manipulation/Empathic Manipulation (Can erase all emotion from one's soul, making them completely subservient to his will), Mind Manipulation (Possesses telepathic powers which rival, if not completely surpass that of a Skyfather such as Odin), Memory Manipulation (Can erase memories with a gesture or touch), Illusions (Can create powerful illusions even when being light-years away from his target. Created a functional illusion of the entire planet of Zenn-La), Absorption (Can convert entire planets and stars into Cosmic Energy to devour them. Can absorb all forms of energy. Can devour souls), Telepathy (Works across light-years), Teleportation (Can teleport himself or others across light-years, or even alternate realities), Telekinesis (Can move even Solar-System sized constructs, or entire galaxies), Shapeshifting & Size-shifting (Can alter his shape at will, shrink to minuscule scale, or grow to the size of a Galaxy), Forcefield Creation, Gravity Manipulation (Can manipulate gravity to such an extent that he can halt, and revert the gravitational flow of a black hole), Antimatter & Dark Matter Manipulation (Through tech), Healing, Power Nullification (Can strip people of their powers), Paralysis Inducement (As shown here), Cosmic Awareness (Can sense when the universe is about to get in danger, can perceive individual atoms across the universe, hear the falling of single leaves on planets lightyears away, can feel every thought and every emotion in the souls of entire populations, is able to perceive Thanos even when the Titan used the Infinity Gauntlet to conceal himself), Exists in and can attack his enemies in countless layers of existence (Physical, mental, spiritual, astral, abstract, etc.), Body Puppetry (Controlled Gamora without manipulating her mind), Summoning (Summoned the Punisher to battle lesser beings for him), BFR (As shown here), Existence Erasure (Through the Ultimate Nullifier), Resistance to Mind Manipulation (The combined telepathic power of Professor Xavier and Magneto does nothing to Galactus), Matter Manipulation (Not made of matter, nor anything tangible), Soul Manipulation/Empathic Manipulation (Lacks a Soul/Heart), Possesses all the abilities of the Silver Surfer on a vastly higher scale

Attack Potency: Solar System level (Significantly more powerful than the likes of Silver Surfer and Thor. Fought The Sentry to a standstill) | At least Low Multiverse level (Fought against, and proved himself superior to Odin, and is regarded as his equal on two separate occasions), possibly Multiverse level+ (Consistently regarded by Doctor Strange to be more powerful than him, even with preparation, and fought evenly with Agamotto in his own realm) | Multiverse level+ (His battle with Scrier and the Other threatened to destroy all universes. Killed a Mad Celestial) | Low Outerverse level (He is an inner function of Eternity and was formed from the heart of the Sixth Multiverse, being technically a brother to Eternity. Is powered by a cosmic wellspring that is theoretically as infinite as the current Multiverse. Was capable of perceiving infinite timelines simultaneously, and even that was a fraction of his true perception, as he was able to perceive all of Eternity at once)

Speed: Massively FTL+ (Swifter than his Heralds) | Massively FTL+ (Scaling from the likes of Odin) | Massively FTL+ | Immeasurable

Lifting Strength: At least Pre-Stellar (Scaling from his Heralds) | Variable, up to Galactic via sheer size (Grew to the size of a galaxy) | Immeasurable | Immeasurable

Striking Strength: Solar System Class | At least Low Multiversal, possibly Multiversal+ | Multiversal+ | Low Outerversal

Durability: Solar System level | At least Low Multiverse level (Took Odin's entire power and got up mostly uninjured), possibly Multiverse level+ | Multiverse level+ (Took attacks from the Scrier and Other, who was comparable to him. Took attacks from multiple Celestials and remained mostly unscathed. They needed to combine in order to defeat him) | Low Outerverse level (Took attacks from other multiversal abstracts such as Lord Chaos and Master Order)

Stamina: Extremely High | Infinite

Range: At least Low Multiversal, possibly Multiversal+ | Low Outerversal

Standard Equipment: The Ultimate Nullifier

Intelligence: Nigh-Omniscient

Weaknesses: Galactus needs to feed on planets to sustain himself. If he goes for more than a month without eating a planet, he will grow weak and eventually die | None notable

Key: Starving | Moderately Fed | Well Fed | The Lifebringer

Notes:

Before making any changes to this page, please read and follow the Power-scaling Rules for Marvel and DC Comics.
In one Marvel story, an infinity of alternate realities was stated to be created at every quantum moment, each of which then gives birth to additional more infinities and so onwards.
Galactus has had several different origin stories over the years. He was originally created by merging with a dying star. Later this was retconned into that he merged with the consciousness of a dying universe. Much later still that turned into a dying multiverse. Most recently he was created to be the herald of the Black Winter entity that destroyed his universe.

------------

Respect Galactus (60's to 70's Respect Thread)
By ProfessorRespect June 3, 2022 37 Comments
No Caption Provided
Introduction
Galactus is pretty cool etc. RT's tend to be rather incomprehensive in measure in comparison to his capabilities through, which leads me to go check out his stuff myself. He doesn't appear a ton during his older material but it's also best to make that diffraction given those differences.

I'll list specific feats where he's mentioned to be hungry (his weakest) or otherwise.

Durability
Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Manages to survive a godblast while extremely hungry (as well as enduring a brawl with Ego beforehand: the linked RT also has the statements showcasing his hunger afterwards) (Thor #162)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3
Scan 1/2/3- No sells the FF (Hungry) through he's knocked over by a sustained attack when thrown off balance (Fantastic Four #49)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- The Weapon Supreme is dimensionally no sold despite it sending numerous planetnoids flying around and it destroying virtually all of the surface of Zenn-La despite being protected with a force field from the full planet shattering potency of it (Hungry) (Silver Surfer #1)

Energy Manipulation
Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Feeds off energy from a meteor impacted into a planet core potent enough to cover a whole solar system with its energies (Fantastic Four #77)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1- Strips Surfer of his space travelling abilities (Fantastic Four #50)

Scan 2- Of course he gave Surfer his powers as well so that's a bonus feat etc (Silver Surfer #1)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Turns himself into raw energy to travel interdimensionally (Fantastic Four #50)

Energy Projection
Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- A newly emerged Galactus destroys a whole fleet of ships before destroying the planet he emerges from (Very Hungry) (Thor #162)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Destroys a planet (Hungry) (Thor #69)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Makes a shield to no sell Surfer's blasts despite refusing to actually fight Surfer (Hungry) (Fantastic Four #50)


No Caption Provided

Shatters half a planet with a blast (Thor #162)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Strikes with the fire of a thousand suns, burning Ego's surface (Hungry) (Thor #160)


No Caption Provided

Traps Thor in a barrier of energy (Fed) (Thor #168)

Matter Manipulation
No Caption Provided

Designs his own power-regulating gear (Thor #169)


No Caption Provided

Freezes numerous buildings with random blasts (Hungry) (Fantastic Four #50)


No Caption Provided

Removes the giant planetoid meteorite (what meteorite? We'll get to that) teleports FF to Baster Building (Fed) (Fantastic Four #75)

Statements
No Caption Provided

Can shatter a planet (Thor #169)


No Caption Provided

Challenges Odin in power (Thor #168)


No Caption Provided

Is powerful enough to match Uatu (Fantastic Four #48)


No Caption Provided

Is the most destructive force in the universe (Fantastic Four #74)


No Caption Provided

Loki pees his pants when name is mentioned (Thor #167)


No Caption Provided

Odin views Galactus as a danger (Thor #180)

Strength
Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3
Scan 1/2/3- Busts out of a giant shell made by Surfer out of the blue (Hungry) (Fantastic Four #50)


No Caption Provided

Casually overpowers Thor even when not wanting to fight (Fed) (Thor #169)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Manhandles Thor after taking direct hammer throws and attacks, hurling him with such force as to kill him on Ego had he landed proper (Hungry) (Thor #161)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3
Scan 1/2/3- Powers out of Ego's tentacles before throwing dozens of meteorites and comets to potentially destroy Ego had Thor not interfered (Hungry) (Thor #161)

Technology
Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3
Scan 1/2/3- Can use Punisher units from his main ship: this isn't going to be a Punisher robot RT but we'll cover some of the highlights, namely it knocking around the FF a lot. (Fantastic Four #49)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3Gallery image 4Gallery image 5
Scan 1/2/3/4/5- The Punisher later returns improved enough to fight off the FF after some adjustments, allowing it to be even more of a threat to the point that the FF themselves aren't the ones that defeat it at all (Fantastic Four #74)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1- His space station vastly outsizes nearby planets (Fantastic Four #49)

Scan 2- It's big enough that it can be attacked from individuals at the very edge of the galaxy it is in (Thor #160)


No Caption Provided

Uses a probe from the outskirts of the solar system to check Earth for Surfer (Fantastic Four #74)


No Caption Provided

Zooms around galaxies in his smaller ship (Thor #167)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3Gallery image 4
Scan 1/2/3- Instantly starts to build his planet eating device, which converts the planet into elemental energy to drain (Fantastic Four #49)

Scan 4- Can use a ranged version of this via anti-matter waves, which destroy the planet and get the job done (Fantastic Four #76)

Telepathy
No Caption Provided

Projects his thoughts into Surfer's mind (Very Hungry) (Fantastic Four #76)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2
Scan 1/2- Directs a giant planetnoid to Earth from outside the solar system (Hungry) (Fantastic Four #75)


Gallery image 1Gallery image 2Gallery image 3Gallery image 4Gallery image 5
Scan 1/2/3- Outroots a island from a billion light years away before shoving the FF into space (Fantastic Four #75)

Scan 4/5- Also summons psychic clones of the FF with the same powers as them, but capable of doing morals off stuff

Conclusion
This Galactus isn't as bombastic as more modern versions, but he's still pretty fearsome given his rep as being one of the most dangerous threats in the (early) Marvel universe!

----------


So, Galactus' profile is pretty bare and incomplete, I'd say.

I think we should fix this. So I'm going to be sharing a whole collection of very impressive Galactus feats.

Please note that this is not a thread about Lifebringer Galactus or upgrading Galactus to High 1-B, and I would appreciate we not derail this thread with discussions on weather or not Marvel Abstracts should be upgraded to the high-heavens.

So, let's begin:

Origi
Galactus is a being who predates the Big Bang and the current iteration of the Marvel Cosmos. He was once a scientist named Galan from the world of Taa, one of the last remaining worlds in that version of the Universe. Decay and radiation spread throughout the cosmos, and all matter was being pulled and accumulating in a single spot. Essentially, it was the Big Crunch. Galan tried to find a way to save his people, but failed. The few survivors of the planet decided to meet their end with proud, and entered a starship and sailed towards the cosmic cauldron where all matter was being plunged into. Everyone died, safe Galan.

There, the dying sentience of the universe speaks with Galan, and declares that he will be the heir of that iteration of the cosmos. The essence of that universe and Galan merge, and as the cosmic cauldron transforms into a cosmic egg, which then hatches unleashing a new Big Bang, Galactus is born.

Depiction of his origi.
Galactus' origin told by the Eater of Worlds himself.
Odin telling Galactus' origi
Another retelling, which confirms the being who spoke to Galactus was Eternity
Retold again, this time by Johnny Storm
Handbooks
In case anyone is curious, here are a collection of a bunch of Galactus handbook info:

First collectio
Second collectio (This one has in-universe information from the Nova Corps Database, and they classify Galactus a threat to the entire universe)
Third collectio (This one also has interviews and stuff)
Importance / Nature / Abstract
Okay, now let's get into the Respect Thread proper. Firstly, I will focus on Galactus' importance as a cosmic / abstract being, and how he is not merely an Eater of Worlds but an integral part of reality, which cannot properly function without him.

Uatu the Watcher gained cosmic revelations from Eternity, and concluded that everyone would be "Very, very sorry" if they lived in a universe without Galactus
Eternity is the embodiment of absolute creation, and its opposite is Abraxas, who is absolute destruction. Because of this, Eternity created Galactus to keep the rate of the universal destruction in check
Death herself considers Galactus to be her sibling, and also claims that his rule in maintaining the universe is more important than her's
Galactus is powerful and important enough to be allowed an audience with the Living Tribunal
Galactus is "A force of nature, a God of Oblivion"
Galactus is a natural part of the universe, and is essential to the cosmic ebb and flow, and to the stability of the cycle of life and death, creation and Destruction
Once again, a natural force of the universe
Galactus is the morphed embodiment of an entire universe
Galactus must exist or eternity will end
The universe will collapse if Galactus isn't there to eat the universe
"The only way to fight Galactus is with your hat: Grab it and run." - Dr. Strange (Just something I found funny)
Galactus is a being similar to Eternity and Infinity, so the Soul Gem cannot affect him
Galactus is a non-corporeal force of nature, and so every living being sees him differently
Galactus maintains the structure between life and death and will be there when this universe dies and is born anew
Galactus is one of the Living Tribunal's primary aspects
Galactus' energy form speaking with Eternity
However, Galactus has no true form, he is an incomprehensible force
Galactus is beyond form and mortal understanding
Galactus has no heart, being immune to Venus' Empathic powers
Galactus is an entity who exists beyond time and space
Galactus' existence defies and violates the laws of physics
Galactus' mere presence changes reality
Exists in, and can attack on hundreds of different planes of reality at once
Galactus exists in innumerable planes of reality
Time itself warps around Galactus
Hunger
Galactus requires an unknown energy source to sustain himself. Said energy is only available in certain types of planets, which do not necessarily have to hold life to be suitable. When Galactus is at satiated, he is at full-power, but the longer he goes without food, the more his strength diminushed. If he goes for more than a month without absorbing food from a planet, his powers decrease exponentially.

So here I am going to show you some information about Galactus' hunger (Some of this will be important for later):

During the Annihilation Wave storyline, Galactus was captured and trapped to a machined by the combined efforts and machinations of Thanos and Annihilus. This machine would suck the life energies Galactus absorbs from planets for their own use, and providing the Eater of Worlds with only the bare minimum energy to not starve to death.
The above also shows how Galactus eats worlds: He breaks their structure down to a sub-atomic level, and all matter of the planet is converted into cosmic energy. It is an E=MC┬▓ type thing (Converting the mass of Earth into energy wields 5.3674e+41 joules). However, what Galactus eats isn't energy, but "Cosmic Energy", which actually is far greater as his feats indicate.
After the events of Godhunter, Galactus' hunger got even worse, and for a while he just mindlessly devoured worlds while shouting "More!" (Also, he tosses Silver Surfer across the universe with a handwave)
Immediately after this story, he is summoned during the Chaos War to fight against Mikaboshi when he was about to sate himself by eating a planet. Despite being deprived of his meal, Galactus still fights against a Zeus who is amped by Mikaboshi himself, and uses the last of his power to open a portal to a universe that exists outside the entire Multiverse, so that the Chaos King can be trapped there.
This leaves Galactus so exhausted and dying that to save him, the Silver Surfer puts him inside a star, and there Galactus eats 1 billion years worth of the Star's energy. To give an idea how insane this is, the sun releases 3.8459328e+26 joules of energy per second. Absorbing all the energy the sun would release in 1 billion years would wield 1.21365817e43 joules.
After this, Galactus got better.
Also, for curiosity, I will show the greatest Galactus' hunger has ever been. During the Black Celestial Saga, Tiamut captured Galactus and increased his appetite, intending to make him devour the entire multiverse. During this time Reed Richards states that "All the energy in the universe throughout its history will not be sufficient to feed him!". This was actually calculated by Endless Mike, and it wielded a staggering 3.219702e130 joules
Regenerationn
Fitting for a cosmic entity necessary for the functionality of the universe, Galactus doesn't go down easy:

Abraxas flew through his head. Galctus regenerated instantly
Reduced to inorganic pure energy by the High-Evolutionary, his machines instantly absorb said energy and he re-materializes
Not even Death can claim Galactus, and he can reform from total annihilatio
Absorption
As we all know, Galactus can absorb Cosmic Energy from planets, stars, etc. So I will show some examples:

Galactus is pragmatic, and so he usually utilizes technologies to help him eat planets
More examples
However, this isn't a limitation, Galactus can perfectly eat planets by himself.
More examples
What happens when a being made of ID energy confronts Galactus
Galactus eating the Elders of the Universe
Eating Caiera's Soul
Can effortlessly absorb weaker beings
Absorbs Ultron's power effortlessly
Eating his ow World-Ship, Taa II (Which is the size of a Solar System)
Was going to eat the energies of Mephisto's hell
Galactus is attacked by Six Soul Gems, which align on six planets and begin to absorb Galactus's power. To counter this, Galactus absorbs the sun causing it to go supernova and the planets, which break apart creating a black hole.
Empowered by the newfound energies Galactus stops and reverts the Black Hole pulling his Heralds and the Elders from it.
Raw Strength & Durability
Galactus is as incredibly powerful character, being by far one of Marvel's strongest villains. For now, I will show some examples of his destructive capacity as well as his resileance:

Pierces through Thanos' force-field
Doom with Galactus' power destroys a star
A few examples of 4-B characters failing to harm Galactus
A bunch of heroes attack a very weakened Galactus, who just tanks it all (Also, Vision tries to phase through Galactus and gets royally screwed)
Silver Surfer uses a moo as his board and crashes it into Galactus who isn't so much harmed, but rather confused as hell
Causes a Supernova and chills inside it
Ultimate Surfer and other characters try to take him down with a Supernova, unsurprisingly it does nothing
Tanks Dark Matter grenades which were supposed to erase him from existence
If Galactus enters a black hole, the black hole is destroyed
His mere presence causes two stars to explode
Withstood an energy blast which destroyed most of the Gah-Lak-Tus swarm (When I cover Gah-Lak-Tus, you will see why this is so impressive)
Tore apart space-time on a sub-atomic level, nearly destroying The 616 and Ultimate universes as he opened a hole between them
Doom with Galactus' power defeats Odi
Entire galaxies are destroyed in Galactus' clash with the Tyrant
Galactus battles Mephisto in his own realm, destroying galaxies in the process
Remember when Thanos and Annihilus were syphoning Galactus' power during the Annihilation Wave storyline, leaving him almost starving to death? If not, here's a reminder.
Why is this important? Well, when Galactus manage to break free from his prison, he is enraged as all hell. Then, the extremely weakened destroyer of worlds unleashes his power, releasing an omnidirectional energy blast that encompasses the Star system he is in, and keeps going across the light-years, encompassing the three surrounding systems and showing no signs of stopping. Galactus' blast is so powerful that it destroys the Annihilation Wave
By the way, Annihilus planned on eventually transforming Galactus into a bomb which would destroy both the 616-Universe and the Negative Zone. Thanos realizes that he is being played and frees Galactus, leading to what happens above.
After Galactus and Odin stalemate on a telepathic battle,
Odin charges at Galactus and headbutts him with all his strength. Both warriors fall to Earth, but Galactus quickly heals and gets up while Odin falls to the Odinsleep (Also, Galactus wasn't at full power in this story. He was searching for a seed that he believes could sate his hunger)

The whole multiverse risked being destroyed when Galactus battled both The Other and The Scrier, though they eventually realized what would happen if they kept fighting and decided to stop in a rare showing of maturity (Note: This is by far Galactus' most impressive feat and I do consider using it sketchy)
Speed
Galactus is an incredibly fast character, as befitting of a Comicbook cosmic character. Obviously, all of the speed feats performed by Silver Surfer and his Heralds scale to him, as they can only perform such feats due to containing a fraction of Galactus' Power Cosmic. However, the Destroyer of World has some speed feats of his own:

Fights with the High-Evolutionary and evades his blasts (High-Evolutionary's blasts have been calculated at 94,608,000,000,000c)
Surfer cannot evade Galactus
Flies across interstellar distances
Flies at many times the speed of light
Power Cosmic
Galactus wields the full might of the Power Cosmic, the energy he obtained after merging with the previous iteration of Eternity. All of Galactus' Heralds are imbued with a fraction of the Power Cosmic, and though they are capable of incredible feats, all of their powers pale before Galactus' in both potency and scope. So let's show some of the miscelaneous things he can do:

Matter Manipulation:

Can freeze Johnny Storm and turn Ben Grimm into slime
Can manipulate Sue Storm's molecules and make her invisible forever
Transforms Terrax into a worm with the blink of an eye, then converts him into pure energy, and then reassembles his body
Phases through walls
Bypasses Kitty Pride's intangibility
Destroys New Jersey and transforms the ashes into a machine to eat the planet
Despite being a billion light-years away from Earth, he causes Earthquakes across the planet and makes clones of the Fantastic Four
Turns Ben Grimm back into the Thing
Telekinesis & Teleportation:

Pulls Doctor Doom from his ship despite being on the planet
Launches a barrage of comets at Ego
Hurls the Fantastic Four into space
Doom with the power of Galactus doesn't need faith to move mountains
Teleports the Fantastic Four to a planet 3000 parsecs away, and then back to his ship
Teleports Dazzler into a black hole light-years away
Teleports Manhatta which Terrax lifted into space back to Earth
Teleports Johnny Storm from some planet to Earth
Throws the High-Evolutionary into the Negative Zone
Teleports Nova and Silver Surfer five light-years away
During the Annihilation Wave story, the extremely weakened Galactus teleports Drax to safety from his multi-star system destroying blast
Teleports Taa II (Which is the size of a solar system) into the Battleworld
Teleports an entire galaxy away from a collision course
Telepathy:

Telepathically communicates with the FF and creates a mental illusio despite being many light-years away from Earth
The combined telepathic efforts of Xavier and Magneto does nothing to Galactus
Professor Xavier shows Galactus all the emotions of the Skrull species to convince him from destroying their world. It does nothing.
Thanos, with aid from Moondrago communicates with Galactus in a mindscape, and the tries to literally mindfuck the Eater of Worlds. Galactus does not consent.
Has a telepathic battle with Odi
Creates a functional illusion of the entire planet of Zenn-La
Erases the Surfer's memories with a touch
Erased all emotion from Norrin Radd's soul when he first made him his herald
Cosmic Awareness:

Doctor Doom infiltrates Galactus' ship, who through his cosmic senses perceives him despite being a world away and focused on everything that was happening in that world simultaneously.
Warps space-time and sees light-years away
After obtaining Galactus' power Doctor Doom becomes aware of literally everything
Senses Thanos when he tried to use the Infinity Gauntlet to conceal himself
Feels when the universe is in danger
"Scarcely a leaf falls anywhere in known space, but that Galactus hears it!"
Shapeshifting:

Galactus can change the dimensions of his body, becoming larger than a planet, the size of a star, or almost the size of a galaxy
Assumes the form of Ashta, a deity believed by the Korbinites
Force-Fields:

Shields Dazzler with a layer of cosmic energy so she can enter a black hole (Which is realistically described)
Has Force-Fields
Miscellaneous:

Saves everyone from the colision of Magus / Adam Warlock with the Infinity Gauntlet
Can strip his Heralds of their power
Ca paralyze and restrain people
Kills Thor with a mist
Battles
Here I will post some of Galactus' notable battles, but instead of simply sharing their outcome or the feats they contain, I will post them in their entirety:

Galactus, alongside other Abstracts and Celestials, battle against the armies of the Cancerverse, a universe where the Many-Angled Ones took over, and Death herself was killed. The beings of the Cancerverse are therefore nigh-unkillable in their own universe, and much harder to kill than normal beings in our universe. The biggest weapon of the Cancerverse is the Galactus Engine, which is the Galactus of their universe transformed into a war machine. The Abstracts of Earth-616 can barely hold it in check. Ultimately, the Cancerverse is defeated when Mistress Death inflicts a long-overdue death to its inhabitants.
Galactus vs The Tyrant, where they destroyed entire galaxies during their clash
A hungry Galactus battles against, and endures blows from a Zeus empowered by the Chaos King.
Galactus faces against Mephisto in his own Realm, to free the souls of his Heralds Silver Surfer and Nova. Just by teleporting, Galactus causes Mephisto's Hell to tremble. The two warriors clash, destroying multiple galaxies with their shockwaves. In the end, Galactus threatens to absorb the energies of Hell, and to avoid having his dimension consumed, Mephisto lets him go.
Galactus battling against Agamotto in Wonderland. The fight ends in a draw due to the rest of the Vishanti's interventions.
Doom with the power of Galactus vs Earth and Asgard. And easy victory for Doom
Hungry Galactus facing against the combined forces of Asgard, who are stopping him from eating the seed of Yggdrasil. Interestingly, it appears that both Galactus and Odin have resistances to each other's Reality Warping, hence why one does not merely erase the other from existence.
As was shown above, the two have a telepathic battle where one exposes the other to their traumatic memories and nightmares. Once that ends in a stalemate, Odin charges into Galactus and headbutts him. Both fall to Earth. Galactus regenerates instantly, while Odin falls into a slumber. As Galactus is about to lay waste to the Earth, the Surfer tells him that the seed disappeared. The Asgardians summon the Destroyer, but him and Galactus don't get to fight, because he leaves in search of the seed.
Galactus vs the In-Betweener, an immensely important and informative battle. Because of this, I will have to give it a more prolonged analysis. Firstly, the In-Betweener states that he is "Everything and nothing, the balance point between all dualities with all their powers at his fingertips."
However, this power is useless against Galactus, because the Eater of Worlds has no counterparts or opposites to be used against. He says he is "Survival, because he is destruction". The In-Betweener then claims that Galactus is like he, "The union of opposites", and Galactus responds by claiming he is "The absence of opposites."
The battle between the two continues. Then the In-Betweener claims that because he is the union of opposites, while Galactus is the absence of them, that makes him Galactus' opposite, thus giving him victory (lol). However, Galactus' Heralds and the Elders of the Universe combine their power to strengthen Galactus, allowing him to overpower the In-Betweener in the end.
Fully-fed Galactus against Four Celestials. At first, Galactus manages to slay one of the cosmic gods with relative ease. But then the remaining three Celestials merge into one being, and obliterate Galactus. Then, Adult Franklin Richards intervenes, and fights against the three Celestials, though he does manage to kill one. Seeing no hope to beat them alone, Franklin Richards revives Galactus as his Herald. Together, they defeat the remaining Celestials.
Technologies
Before becoming the Eater of Worlds, Galactus was the brilliant scientist Galan. When he became one with the sentience of his universe and transformed himself into a Cosmic Entity, his power wasn't the only thing that grew. Galan's intellect was likewise raised to cosmic levels. The following are some of the technological creations of Galactus:

An energy beam which crosses light-years in instants, penetrating a black hole and strenghtening Dazzler
Machines capable of converting an entire galaxy into pure energy
One of his ships not only crosses lightyears almost instantly, but also releases more energy than a quasar
Can siphon the energies of the Eye of Agamotto in a fraction of a nanosecond, using them to power a machine that opens holes into other dimensions
Rays of antimatter which can destroy a planet
A liquid dark matter healing chamber
Stasis fields
Technology that can kill the Phoenix
Created Korvac with his machines
Galactus' ships forcefield could have killed a bunch of heroes, including Thor, were it not for Sue Storm's barrier
Using the Star Sphere, the High-Evolutionary transformed a desert into a forest
By drinking the waters of this forest, an old man gained cosmic powers
The Star Sphere can terraform a moo
The Ultimate Nullifier
The Ultimate Nullifier is Galactus' most powerful weapon by far. It is, as the name implies, an ultimate tool of nullification, capable of erasing effectively anything from existence on an absolute level. Let's see:

The Ultimate Nullifier can erase an entire universe
Future Galactus uses a Nullifier to erase the entire universe
Galactus tried to erase Korvac with Nullifier, who kills himself before the beam can reach him (Korvac wouldn't be merely erased in the present, but he would have never existed in the first place. He would be completely erased from the timeline and all effects his actions had would be nullified)
After being erased by the UN, Quasar finds himself in the realm of Oblivio (This is the biggest confirmation that the Nullifier erases on literally all levels of reality)
The Ultimate Nullifier is a part of Galactus
An AU Korvac erases Eternity with the Nullifier
Abraxas would use the Nullifier to obliterate the whole multiverse
Reed Richards uses the Ultimate Nullifier, destroying Multi-Eternity, and by doing so brings the rebirth of everything
Gah-Lak-Tus
The Galactus equivalent of the Marvel Ultimate Universe, which has very little to do with the real Galactus, being a gigantic robotic fleet with a highly advanced hive-mind which annihilates civilizations and dries planets of their resources. It also has a rather silly name. Regardless, it has some very impressive feats, and as it merged with the Rarth-616 Galactus during Cataclysm, it is important to cover its feats:

Handbook Informatio
The Kree created Gah Lak Tus to purify the universe of their enemies, but the machine went rogue and turned on them. Since then it's been destroying civilizatio, wiping the galaxy clean of life
Reed Richards explains how Gah Lak Tus destroys planet.
First, Gah Lak Tus is 100 thousand miles across, and has its own gravitational field which collides with the planet as it approaches. Then, it broadcasts psychic frequenties to the planet's population, driving them insane. Then is releases a virus which dissolves all living flesh on the planet. Finally, it cracks open the planet's core, and sucks it dry of energy.
Gah Lak Tus is so large that it is visible from Jupiter
Professor Xavier tries to communicate with Gah Lak Tus, and despite being amplified by Cerebro, almost goes mad.
Another example of how huge Gah Lak Tus is
Gah Lak Tus ca spit out nanites which infect living things with a technovirus, making them subservient to it
The Gah Lak Tus drones infect Jimmy Hudson's immune system, making it so that his healing factor doesn't work
Infects the Hulk
Infects an entire city
Infects Gigantess
It only took 36 hours to infect the populations of six countries with nanites
Nanites can be of sub-atomic size
The infection creates the cult of Gah Lak Tus

------

"I did not come here to discuss linguistics. I came here to kick butts and feed on life energy. And I can do both whenever I want. Because I'm Galactus."
Galactus AKA Galan was the last survivor of the universe before the big bang. A brilliant scientist back on his home planet of Taa, he eventually learned that the whole universe will die. Shenangins ensued and he traveled to the center of it. The eternity of his universe told him he would be his universes heir, and reformed him. Soon the big bang started and Galan formed himself out of a collection of energy. Finally understanding his purpose, Galactus was born and he went to nourish himself on the planets of the universe.

Galactus is a complete force of nature, as he represents Equity, a balance between Eternity and Life and Death. As such, he has the respect of both Eternity and Death and him and Eternity are bros. Although theoretically at full power, he is the equal of all the abstracts, it is by nature that Galactus is never fully fed. Galactus's power level is directly correlated to how much hes eaten at this current time. He is also capable of being poisoned with the energies he eats. However, even when weakened/poisoned he is still a very powerful cosmic entity. Because of his cosmic nature, Galactus's true form is unknown, as we perceive him the way we do because we cannot comprehend him any other way.

Personality
Galactus is very arrogant by our standards and will straight up ignore you if he doesnt deem you significant enough. Whether or not this is a personality flaw or just a byproduct of his godly senses is up to you, but it does show in battle. Galactus will not even notice most people at S-tier strength trying to fight him, and never dodges attacks. He is also extremely prideful, growing extremely angry whenever he is challenged, even when he is outmatches. Galactus is not without his mercy though, as more often than not, he will spare you if he finds you significant. If not, then you are likely to be completely incinerated. He does not care for the lives of people under him, as he views them like we view the ant beneath our feat.

Powers
Galactus is both the source of and wields the Power Cosmic, a powerful force that dwarfs most others. The Power Cosmic grants extreme abilities in almost all categories.

Supreme Strength

Supreme Speed

Supreme Durability

Energy Projection

Energy Manipulation

Matter Manipulation

Telepathy

Telekinesis

Healing

Shielding

Cosmic Teleportation

Life Creation

Size Manipulation

Time Manipulation

Power Granting

Feats
Starving/Hungry

This section of feats encompasses when Galactus is starving, poisoned, weakened or extremely hungry.

Energy Projection

One shots a Red Hulk powered by Jeff Loeb

Fights off the Avengers

When he was born, he had enough power to shatter a planet

Briefly matches Phoenix

Makes a blast that covers 3 star systems

Stalemates the InBetweener The InBetweener is an extremely powerful cosmic being that embodies duality and opposites

Durability

Vision tries to phase inside him to no avail

Unphased by a combined attack from the Avengers

Weakened by Hunger the abstract, two planets colliding doesnt kill Galactus

Matter Manipulation

Creates a planetary energy converter from the materials on Earth

Makes Soulless Replicas of the Fanastic Four

Telepathy

Makes an astral projection in the minds of the FF

Casually resists Arias mind control

Telekinesis

Easily immobilizes SS

Diverts a planetoid from its course to collide with Earth

Telekinetically crashes endless planetoids into Ego

Healing

Heals SS

Shielding

His shields cant be disrupted by Invisible Woman

Misc

Can eat planets without his machines Its just easier to use the machine

Eats all the twinkies of Earth

Inbetweener cannot kill Galactus

Sated

This section of feats encompasses when Galactus has returned to his normal power level after a good meal.

Strength

Casually throws Thor

Backhands SS

Clap shots BRB and Stardust

Durability

Doesnt even feel the Things punch

Doesnt even notice the full power of Storm

No sells Dazzler going all out

Casually stands out in a storm that would have killed many heroes in minutes

Casually survives the moon colliding into him

Isnt hurt by a blast from Doctor Strange

Casually takes a hit from Mjolnir

Takes human torches Nova Heat

Casually survives close to absolute zero temperature

Gets blasted back by Thanos and it only makes him angry

Casually survives attacks from a legion of heroes

The Ultimates assault him to no avail

Gets a full headbutt from Odin and recovers easily

Casually sits inside of an exploding star

If Galactus entered a black hole, he would accidentally destroy it

Casually survives entering the core of a galaxy

Speed

Dodging is extremely out of character for Galactus, because he never needs to ever. Any speed feats against Galactus should definitely not be taken seriously.

Dodges High Evolutionarys attacks

Travels countless light years with unbelievable speed

Energy Manipulation

Absorbs Human Torches flames

Easily absorbs SSs energy attacks

Easily breaks out of a cocoon made out of repellent force by the SS

Casually beats Ultron He drained all of the energies out of him

Two stars went out in his presence

Stops the Gravitational Pull of a Black Hole

Can pull himself back together if hes destroyed

Energy Projection

Sends a blast of Anti-Matter particles

One shots SS

One shots Thanos even with his shields open

Supposedly strikes with the fire of a thousand suns

Galactus vs Sphinx

Fights and defeats Tyrant

Galactus vs Other and Scrier Other and Scrier are both powerful reality warpers

Almost beats Mephisto in his own realm

His conflict with Tyrant destroys Galaxies

One shots a Celestial

Scriers battle with Galactus could destroy the universe

Matter Manipulation

Makes the electrons in human torches flames contract

Creates a visicloud to knock out Thor

Hurts Ultimate Kitty Pride while shes intangible

Easily manipulates and assimilates a guy who one shotted Doctor Strange

Turns Terrax into a Worm and then Energy

Telekinesis

BFRs Doom out of his ship without being inside

Causes a small earthquake in Manhattan with the tiniest fraction of his power

Casually telekinetically blasts back the Avengers and the FF

Telepathy

Tampers with SSs personality

His mental defenses at rest are too much for Magneto and Xavier

Can listen for the voices and the wills of a planet light-years away

Overwhelms Thanos telepathically

Telepathically struggles against Odin

Cosmic Teleportation

BFRs High Evolutionary to the Negative Zone

Teleports himself and a legion of heroes from a hole in reality to his ship

BFRs the Golden Galaxy across space

Shielding

Casually makes a barrier Thor cannot pierce

Healing/Life Creation

Creates life

Creates a monster that traps Captain Britain

Creates a Galaxy buster named Tyrant

Size Manipulation

Grows to the size of a star

Time Manipulation

Sends Sphinx back in time to relive his life over and over for an eternity

Power Granting

Strips SS of his power cosmic

Gives Dazzler enough energy to survive a black hole

Forces Gamora to return Eternity from his catatonic state He was using her as a scalpel, he was the surgeon

Look at all these fuckin heralds Heralds typically have enough power to literally make their own category of power, called Herald Tier. Althoughsomearewaybetterthanothers

Misc

Thanos admits he is nothing compaed to Galactus

Has equipment to drain the life energies of Earth This is how he feeds off of planets

Galactus is beyond the Soul Gems power

Equal in stature to Death

Fully Fed

To date, Galactus when fully fed has never happened and likely never will happen, due to the everlasting nature of his hunger. Theoretically however, at full power he would stand equal to Eternity, Infinity and the other abstracts in power.

Equipment

Owns a ship as big as a solar system

Ship can sense cloaked units

Ship reads the minds of all the people involved in Infinity War

Ship has technology beyond human comprehension

His ship can survive a blast so powerful it hurls nearby planetoids from orbit

Owns technology that can destroy an armada from another universe

Ultimate Nullifier

In Galactus's possession is the Ultimate Nullifier, a weapon so powerful that it can destroy the entire universe, and if used by most people, will kill them in the process as well.

Ultimate Nullifier is a part of Galactus, and can call it back

The power is too much for technopaths

At full power, can destroy a solar system in one microsecond

Completely erases someone from existence

Can destroy a galaxy and lay waste to a universe