
1
Home
Following
Answer
Spaces
Notifications
Search Quora
Profile photo for Karl Wittelsbach
Icon for Respect DC/Marvel/Anime
Respect DC/Marvel/Anime
A space for people to write respect threads about their favourite characters.
Marvel Comics Characters
Power Scaling
Character Analysis
Marvel Universe
Supervillains
Thanos (Marvel character)
Fictional Feats
Comic Book Lore
Superhuman Feats
+ 5
Profile photo for Kanye Rahming
Kanye Rahming
 · 
Follow
Hero X in The Hero Affairs Commission, X City (Graduated 2025)Updated 4y
RESPECT THANOS, THE MAD TITAN! (Earth-616)

The name, Iron Man, is… Thanos!


The name is THANOS.



Troll, why do you violate my privacy?


Show me.


Look well, Earthman—and you, Marv-Eell of the Kree—for you shall soon learn the meaning of fear at the mere sightings of your future monarch: THANOS, king of Titan—and shortly, emperor of the universe!




It’s about time I can pay my boy some respect around here.

I will be using Classic, Rebirth, and Post-Annihilation Thanos for this. I’m going to use weakened Thanoses for this as well, such as like him right after his third resurrection when he wasn’t at full power yet, him before adapting to the Cancerverse, him during his God Cancer period, and him during the recent Eternals series, where his body was failing.

I’m going to take some showings from Infinity Siblings even though it’s not canon, just because I can. However, that’s the exception.

The Thanos from Avengers: Celestial Quest was retconned to be a Thanosi clone but Thanos scales to his Thanosi clones typically so I’m not removing his feats from this.

I’m not doing God Quarry. Not yet, at least. No Cosmic Cube, Infinity Gauntlet, Heart of the Universe, Cosmic Regulator, or anything else like that. I’m just using regular base Thanos (1972–2016 and 2021).

This post, as you can tell, is pretty dang long. Read carefully or skim, do whatever you want. This took FOUR FRAGGING MONTHS to complete and I had to redo some of this twice because my two-day work didn’t save.

Oh, and I’m not including anything from Thanos Rising. That series is trash.


But of course, I’ll take feats from comics after its retcon because those are acceptable.

All right, enough stalling. Let us end this foolish farce. All that being said… let us begin.


All right, then… let us begin.

————————————————BACKSTORY—————————————————

(The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe) Classic Thanos history and profile

(Annihilation: The Nova Corps files) Thanos profile

(The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z TPB 1 (Part 1)) Thanos backstory and powers

(Marvel Absolutely Everything You Need to Know) Thanos profile

(Just in case you didn’t feel like reading all of this and wanted to get to the point. As you will probably notice, his story has been retconned quite a few times but the central idea of it is consistent)

Thanos was born on Titan, Saturn’s moon, and is of a race of super-beings called Eternals or Titans.

Warlock #10 (1972)

The Thanos Imperative #3

In my universe, Titan was my home. My birthplace.

Thanos: The Infinity Siblings

Corvus Glaive: Scanners just detected a temporal disruption within Titan’s depths.

Thanos: My birth world? Interesting.

A’lars and Sui-San, his parents, were originally unable to conceive a child because Eternals aren’t able to reproduce. Chronos, A’lars’ father, granted them the ability to because he’s a nice guy.

Eternals: Thanos Rises

Sui-San was planning to name their first born Eros (only legends will understand) but A’lars decided Thanos was a better name, as it means triumph over death. (Quite ironic)


Thanos is a demigod since the Eternals are descendants of the Olympian Gods and modified by the Celestials.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

For Thanos is a product of an evolved offshoot of the Gods of Olympus… in effect, he is a mutant demi-god.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

There’s nothing in the Spider-Man manual about fighting star-busting demi-gods!

The Death of Captain Marvel

He was born a demi-god.

Thanos Quest #1

You are the demi-god Thanos, are you not?

Infinity Gauntlet #2 (1991)

But think not that Galactus plans to turn tail and run from this upstart demi-god.

Avengers Assemble #5 (2012)

You kept the Ultimate Nullifier out of the hands of a crazy alien demigod who will use it.

Avengers Assemble #8 (2012)

We’ve been banished to a hostile dimension by a demigod with a Cosmic Cube.

Eternals #6 (2021)

You may frighten the aliens, half god…

Due to him having the Deviant Syndrome, the Eternals considered him an outcast.

Thanos #1 (2003)

But I was an outcast from the start. Born with the genetic disposition known as Deviant Syndrome, I would never be accepted among the Titans as normal, let alone replace my father as their leading citizen.

He grew bitter because of that. When he became an adult, he met Lady Death, who taught him that knowledge was power (which is something he consistently quotes in his comics).


She taught me that knowledge is truly power. And that power is everything!

He rebelled and disagreed with his father, A’lars, and was eventually exiled when he killed Titanean “test subjects” and created weapons where there was no conflict on Titan.

Iron Man #55 (1968)

Thanos tried to usurp the power… creating weapons on a world that had none! For this crime of crimes, Thanos was exiled, never to poison his home again…

Warlock #10 (1972)

Their reign was just and their only laws were peace and life! But Thanos finally rebelled against this paradise, for his dark soul only found contentment in conflict!

Thanos #1 (2003)

I would never accept the course my father so foolishly charted for me. The heated arguments grew to open hostility. And inevitably to exile, after a forbidden experiment went terribly awry. Some test subjects died.

In anger, he bombed Titan to kill most of the Eternals that he hated and in doing so, killed his mother. (It’s weird, sometimes he killed her intentionally and in others he didn’t mean to)


Along with the vast knowledge I acquired in exile, I returned home with… a heart filled with unbridled hatred. I miscalculated the strength of Titan’s defenses. There were survivors but only a handful out of the thousands I loathed. By chance, my brother and father were off-world. Fate did not so favor my mother. Quite ironic, actually. She was the one member of my family I might have spared.

Thanos #3 (2016)

So I was not on Titan when Thanos returned. I was not there when he destroyed my home and everyone on it.


I mean, he annihilated the entire moon. Let’s call it what it was. Thanos committed genocide.


…They were bombs.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

This union thus prompted him… to sever all ties with his homeworld, by means of a nuclear bombardment, which killed thousands, including his mother.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #5

As soon as I could, I led the invasion to destroy all other Eternals—but especially the women! A few survived—a handful who could eventually repopulate the world—but not my mother.

Silver Surfer (1987) #37

Then his mother died in a horrendous accident. At least, that’s what we thought it was at the time. Years later, it became terribly apparent obvious that Thanos murdered her. He was only ten years old at the time. Who would have thought?

Afterwards, he enhanced his already vast power through science, magic, meditation, and will.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

By the massive personal powers he developed through bionics, mysticism and willpower… abilities which made him nearly invincible.

Thanos - Marvel Legacy Primer Pages

He honed and grew his abilities with meditation and bionic implants.

His main goal was to please Lady Death since he was in love with her.

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

Even though you’ve never spoken to me… even though I know who you truly are… I truly love you with a passion none may ever match in this star system! To prove this love, I’ll present to you a token of my affections—a token such as no lover in history could ever match! This day, I give you Earth!

He spent centuries searching for the Cosmic Cube, which he believed would gain him Death’s love.

Captain Marvel #27 (1968)

Advance to the unconscious level, wherein lies the crucial information I demand—information Rick Jones is unaware he even possesses! Information needed to assure my plans to conquer the galaxy! In short, the location of the most powerful weapon ever created—the Cosmic Cube!

Warlock #10 (1972)

Thanos Annual (2014)

It took centuries of research, scheming and mayhem in order for me to acquire the Cosmic Cube.


I spent centuries chasing an impossible dream, attained its realization, then lost it.

He’s… been through a lot.















————————————————STATEMENTS—————————————————


Where do you think you’re going? You’re going to listen to this epic theme while you’re reading this.


Now onto the statements…

Thanos has been called a god which is semi-accurate as I already showed.

Thanos #1 (2016)

He is practically a god.

Thanos #4 (2016)

We are going to kill a god.


See the death of a god and the birth of a god.

Thanos #14 (2016)

You would go mad too if you gave birth to a god.

He was summoned alongside Odin and Galactus as a god (this is a freaking big deal).

Fantastic Four #569 (1963)

No one can stand against the gods.

He’s called himself a god as well.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #1

And so dropped, am I any less a god? The god of DEATH?!!


And though I am a god, I believe you.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #2

—But THANOS is—the GOD—OF DEATH!

Deadpool Vs. Thanos #1

What makes you believe you can take it upon yourself… to challenge a god?

Thanos: A God Up There Listening #6

You bore and suckled an end for all living things! A primal force! A god! A sculptor of new black universes!


Thanos claimed he has humbled deities. (No clue what he’s referring to)

Thanos Vs. Hulk #2

I have humbled gods, Banner. No mere mortal could hope to best he who was once Death’s consort.

He also stated he has razed planets and killed gods in the past. (Again, dunno what gods he’s talking about but it’s a cool line)

Thanos #3 (2016)

You will not lay a hand on me. You insignificant ants will not humiliate me. I have razed planets! I have slain gods!

He is a constant in the universe.

Thanos Annual (2014)

The universe will not allow you to remain dead. You shall always play some major role in the grand design.

Thanos #14 (2016)

She would also tell you that going mad is a perfectly reasonable reaction to staring into the eyes of a universal constant.

He has consistently been stated to be destroyer of worlds.

Silver Surfer #38 (1987)

I seek a vile creature, known throughout the stars, as Thanos of Titan. He is a killer of worlds, seeking to paint the cosmos blood scarlet.


Thanos, the Mad Titan, servant of Death, slayer of worlds, is dead.

The Thanos Imperative: Ignition

They took me back to their homeworld, Sacrosanct. A world I destroyed when I was dragged back to this cursed existence.

Infinity #1

A world destroyed, now rebuilt.


Two cycles ago Ahl-Agullo was home to over sixty million of your people. When my master came, you fought the yoke. So he burned this world until only thousands remained.

Infinity #2

I am a servant of my master, Thanos—a destroyer of worlds, a breaker of kings.

Thanos #3 (2016)

Thanos has resumed his place as head of the Black Quadrant, but left his throne empty as he ransacks centers of healing across the galaxy: the Destroyer of Worlds is himself being destroyed by sickness.


He is the Mad Titan. He is the World Killer. He is Thanos.

Thanos: The Infinity Siblings

But Thanos is a bad guy, isn’t he? An extraterrestrial sociopath with no compunction about small matters like, say, murdering entire planets? Of course he is.

Thanos is the most feared being in the entire cosmos. A random alien said he was worse than Galactus and Ego was feared him more than Odin and Galactus.

Thanos #3 (2016)

However, Thanos is certainly the most feared being in the universe.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Thanos is here now! He’s worse than Galactus! We’re all going to die!

Thanos: A God Up There Listening #5

Ego the Wanderer—he who had faced and defeated Galactus the World Eater and Odin, All-Father of Asgard, and countless more—felt panic!

(IDK how but whatever, it’s a good statement)

Captain America claimed that Thanos was the Avengers most dangerous adversary.

Silver Surfer #36 (1987)

Thanos may well have been the most dangerous foe the Avengers ever faced.

Annihilus considered Thanos the most dangerous person on his contingency plan list.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Blastaar: Really? Then who should be on that screen?

Mephisto (disguise): The being our master considers the most dangerous.

Thanos as a ghost claimed he could destroy planets and galaxies, and cause stars to nova which would form black holes. (Possibly meant with a physical body and overtime or with equipment, meaning I probably shouldn’t use it, but I didn’t want to keep it out)

Silver Surfer #34 (1987)

If it is her wish, planets shall crumble! Stars will nova, and only black holes shall remain! I will shatter galaxies to reach whatever goal my mistress sets!

He was ranked as a cosmic level threat, which is the highest power ranking on Earth.

Avengers Assemble #4 (2012)

This is Tony Stark. We are in a cosmic-level breach situation.


It means, Mr. President, that a creature we deem as a cosmic-level threat… the highest level of threat we have scale a for, has entered the Earth’s atmosphere and engaged the Avengers.

He stated that no one has defeated him in hand-to-hand combat. (That is technically true; he’s only been defeated by energy blasts, matter manipulation, or while he’s off guard, stunned, or weakened, or if he left the fight unfinished. He has yet to be defeated by brute force.)

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

None has ever bested me in personal combat.

According to Gladiator, he is unparalleled in how much death he caused across the universe.

Thanos #3 (2016)

In all my time with the Imperial Guard and all my time as its Grand Praetor, no other being has wrought as much death and destruction and chaos as the Mad Titan.

Rocket called him the nightmare of the universe.

Avengers Assemble #5 (2012)

That’s what ya get when your dad is the nightmare of the universe.

Kang specifically avoids him when he travels to the past.

Thanos: The Infinity Siblings

Let us be quick about this. I have always made it a strict point of avoiding Thanos of Titan. Continuing to do so seems prudent.


But further exploration of this situation seemed prudent, if not mandatory. Especially if it involved Thanos of Titan, a creature I have always carefully avoided any interaction with.


I clearly see now avoiding any contact with you all those years was a sound and prudent decision.

Thanos was called the galaxy’s #1 threat and villain by the Marvel website.


He’s back… Thanos! How did he turn? Why is he back? And what does the appearance of the galaxy’s #1 threat mean for our rag-tag band of universal protectors?


Thanos is outnumbered and outgunned by the Cancerverse forces, and his unlikely allies—Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and the other brave misfits—find themselves making a last stand to save the galaxy’s #1 villain!

He was also said to be the universe’s number one threat.


Thanos is back! On one side you have the Marvel Universe’s #1 threat! On the other: a dark new force determine to obliterate everyone!

Thanos is a cosmic aberration and outside of the cosmic norm. As such, life and death can’t hold sway over him which is why he dies and resurrects so many times.

Thanos Annual (2014)

Classic Thanos: I take it he does not remain dead?

Infinity Gauntlet Thanos avatar: No. Like you, he is apart from the flow of the norm.


Classic Thanos: Many deaths?

Infinity Gauntlet Thanos avatar: And many resurrections. The universe will not allow you to remain dead. You shall always play some major role in the grand design.

Classic Thanos: We’re some sort of cosmic aberration, are we?

Infinity Gauntlet Thanos avatar: Indeed we are. Life and death will truly have no meaning to or sway over you. In a strange way, you may boast of being more immortal than even the Asgardians.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

You have forever been outside the astral norm. Life and death were never intended to hold sway over you.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Annihilus is evolving, becoming one apart from the cosmic norm. He is changing into a being much like Warlock and myself!

Thanos, like Warlock, is outside the influence of destiny, meaning he is beyond fate, and Chaos and Order could not sense his presence inside the Nexus of Reality due to that.

Thanos Quest #1

Of course, they had no way of knowing that I’d come to your aid… and that they would not be able to sense my presence. You see, I am one of those odd beings who is outside Destiny’s usual realm of influence. Chaos and Order have no power over me, and so cannot detect my comings and goings.

Infinity Gauntlet #3 (1991)

He has been increasing his power for many centuries.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

For Annihilus’s acquisition of power spans little over a mere hundred years. While I have been maximizing my personal might for long centuries.

He was implied by Warlock to be able to kill Mephisto inside his realm. (I don’t know if he actually could)

Thanos: The Infinity Finale

Warlock: You are not going to squash him also, once my back is turned?

Thanos: No, the punishment’s exquisite irony is enough to quiet my vengeful desires.

His power is nigh limitless (possibly hyperbole but I still want to keep it in).

The Death of Captain Marvel

He was power almost without end.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

Titan, you tap into a power source both dark and nearly limitless, as I am connected to a similar reserve.

Rocket explained that Thanos’ role in the universe is similar to cosmic abstracts.

The Thanos Imperative: Ignition

But Thanos is a big deal. He’s been Death’s avatar. He’s a part of the game the giant abstracts like Eternity and Oblivion play. We’re little people.

Thanos embodies death and is her champion, avatar, and harbinger.

Warlock #11 (1972)

For I now realize you are the champion of death I was created to battle!

The Thanos Imperative #1

…Thanos, the Mad Titan, avatar of Death, who has recently returned to life.


Thanos embodies death and decay. He’s the harbinger of entropy, not so much the scale tipper as the natural balance of a realm that’s out of kitter and therefore a very important piece of the puzzle.

The Thanos Imperative #4

Gladiator: According to Major Victory, Thanos is alive.

Silver Surfer: The avatar of Death.

The Thanos Imperative #5

You are the avatar of Death Lord Mar-Vell seeks.


Beta Ray Bill: He is searching for this universe’s avatar of Death.

Nova: And according to Major Victory—and despite reports to the contrary—that’s Thanos.

Odin claimed he had never faced an adversary like Thanos in eons (possibly hyperbole?).

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

It has been eons since I have fought such a foe. Even in defeat you are an adversary worth saluting, Thanos of Titan.

Kubik ranked Thanos as an entropic force that can gnaw at the fabric of reality, along with Mephisto, Satannish, Shuma-Gorath, and other dark entities.

Fantastic Four Annual #23 (1963)

We have entered the abyss of intergalactic space. The interstical darkness where the entropic forces slither and gnaw at the fabric of reality. This is the place of the evil ones.

——————————————————FEATS———————————————————



What game is this?


What is that thing they have brought with them? I am afraid of it…


Not what, who? Surely most of you recognize the mighty THANOS!


…And I assure you, THANOS is such an element! I had hoped to avoid personal involvement in this affair, for other, important matters now scream for my attention! Yet, those plans depend on Warlock’s continued well-being, so I find that I am forced to intervene! So Thanos now, stands with you, Adam Warlock, prepared to fight to the DEATH!


You earthers have stumbled into the affairs of THANOS, warrior of Death. You have angered me and brought me to you. Because of that, I will end your world.


I am Thanos of Titan. I have conquered worlds. I have bent reality around my will. Men cower at the mere mention of my name. And now… now you have mocked me… disrespected me. And here you stand, ready to take advantage of my condition. Ready to finish me. Well, if I am to fall, I will die showing you that Thanos will not be disrespected. Thanos is still a conqueror. Thanos is still a warrior. Thanos is still a god.


AND YOU WILL EITHER BOW OR BE BROKEN!

STRENGTH

Clashed with Drax and destroyed a planet in the process.

Iron Man #55 (1968)


The planetary explosion weakened me—and I was captured!

Negged Starfox.

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

It will take more power than you can muster to thwart Thanos!

Slammed and one shotted Captain Marvel.


All apposition has been crushed!

Smacked aside Black Knights of the Church of Universal Truth.

Warlock #10 (1972)

Away from me, you cretins! I’ll not have blind fools such as yourselves manhandling me…

Slapped Warlock like a chad.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

FOOL! Nothing stops death!

Matched Thor briefly.


Then you have come a grand distance only to greet destruction.

Slapped the Avengers.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

Unhand me, you pitiful louts!

Broke out of Thing’s hold and slapped him aside, while also temporarily holding off Thor.



Never! As long as life remains within me, hope still remains for the cause of Death!

Backhanded a depowered In-Betweener.

Thanos Quest #1

Conceited fool!

Knocked around Power Gem Champion of the Universe.



Broke out of the Gardener’s vines.



Went blow-to-blow with a clone of himself who was more powerful than him.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #10



Stalemated Power Gem Thor.

Silver Surfer #88 (1987)

You’ve proven yourself a worthy challenge, Asgardian. Let the battle begin in earnest!



I think not.


Slapped aside multiple Asgardian warriors.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

Punched Odin’s telekinetic boulders back.


The pure of heart shall always triumph over more base elements? Is that your philosophy, regal Odin?

Clobbered Super Skrull.

Secret Defenders #12 (1993)

I require your service, Skrull, so I will consider this simply a lesson. The next time—should you exercise the poor judgment to force a next time—I will consider it a prelude to execution.

Folded an Ovin mercenary.

Cosmic Powers #1


Slammed, slapped, and choked Jack of Hearts, then one shotted Ganymede right after.

Cosmic Powers #3

Consider this your sole warning. Thanos of Titan tolerates no interference in his plans. Heed this, or suffer the consequences.



Count yourself fortunate, Jack of Hearts… that I saw fit to give you only a warning.


This is ENDED!

Caught a strike from mind-controlled Morg with Terrax’s axe.

Cosmic Powers #5

Brought a peak Tyrant to his knees and matched his strength. Their fight threatened to destroy the Fortress, a planet-sized ship compared to Galactus’ ship which is solar system sized.

Cosmic Powers #6

I must admit some disappointment, Tyrant. You did not prove the challenge I had hoped.


Move! They’re tearing the entire place apart!



Prove it.

Clapped Silver Surfer.

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1

And you, Surfer, as ever prattle. Can you not even go to death quietly?


Smashed Punisher Drones.

Thanos #3 (2003)

This was a futile effort on Galactus’s part.

Ripped off Moondragon’s ear.

Annihilation #2

Yes, yes… I’ve heard it all before.

Broke Moondragon’s TK shields then smacked away Groot (weakened).

Guardians of the Galaxy #25 (2008)


Choked and slammed Star-Lord (weakened).

The Thanos Imperative #1


Two shotted and choked Lord Mar-Vell.

The Thanos Imperative #5



Do I need to spell it out, flea? Give me what I crave. Give me death! Give me the release of oblivion!

Punched down and slammed Black Bolt.

Infinity #4


Enough! Keep your secrets… carry them with you to the grave!


Decked the Hulk.

Infinity #6


One shotted Captain Marvel in her Binary form.


Punched Thor aside and in doing so, knocked off his helmet and cracked his armor.


Lifted the Galactus Engine.

Thanos: A God Up There Listening #6

Clash with Drax created a shockwave.

Guardians of the Galaxy #18 (2013)

Punched a hole through Star-Lord.

Guardians of the Galaxy #19 (2013)

Broke out of Cancerverse Giant-Man’s hand.


Yeeted Drax.

Guardians of the Galaxy #20 (2013)

Overpowered Mjolnir Drax twice.



Beat up Beta Ray Bill after putting Stormbreaker in a force shield, then snapped the Universal Weapon in half like a twig and two shotted Ronan the Accuser.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation




Tackled and overpowered Hulk-empowered Annihilus.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity


Crushed, pounded, and decked Deadpool.

Thanos Vs. Deadpool #1

Thanos Vs. Deadpool #2



Thanos Vs. Deadpool #4


(Yes, I know)

Crushed Black Quadrant weaponry.

Thanos #1 (2016)


Defeated Corvus Glaive in one blow and shattered his atom-slicing glaive.



Slapped the Imperial Guard and broke Titan’s finger (God Cancer).

Thanos #3 (2016)



Soloed an army of prison guards (God Cancer).

Thanos #6 (2016)


Crushed his uncle Zuras’ skull off panel (weakened).

Eternals #1 (2021)

Five fingers pressing on his skull. Enormous power.

Smashed Ikaris and overpowered him in mid-air (weakened).

Eternals #2 (2021)



Overwhelmed Ikaris and Gilgamesh while they were off guard.

Eternals #6 (2021)

SPEED

(An underrated quality for the Mad Titan)

Eventually caught Captain Marvel who was blitzing him before.

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

Now I have you, flea!

Blocked Thor’s strike with one arm while off guard.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

Dodged an incoming Drax.

Logans Run #6 (1977)

Ducked and dodged the Champion of the Universe’s blows.

Thanos Quest #1

You also telegraph your blows a light year ahead of their coming.


Dodged the Silver Surfer who approached him at full speed from a little more than a light year away while distracted.

Infinity Gauntlet #4 (1991)



The Surfer misses his mark and Thanos retains his godhood.

(He depowered himself beforehand so I doubt he used the gems for this)

Reacted to Odin throwing boulders at him with telekinesis.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

Dodged and slapped Jack of Hearts.

Cosmic Powers #5

How little you know of me.

Reacted to and blitzed the Silver Surfer on his board who processed information in a microsecond and escaped energy shackles in under a nanosecond.

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1


Casually reacted to Mjolnir being thrown at him.

Captain Marvel #17 (1999)

Or not.

Tagged Starfox who was faster than him. (Retconned to be a clone but whatever)

Avengers: Celestial Quest #4

Where is your vaunted speed now?

Blitzed Lord Mar-Vell, who was faster than a nanosecond.

The Thanos Imperative #5

Caught Mjolnir Drax’s incoming blow.

Guardians of the Galaxy #20 (2013)

Caught Blackheart’s fist while off guard and surprised.

Deadpool Vs. Thanos #3

Reacted to Beta Ray Bill throwing Stormbreaker.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

(Bill is an idiot)

Caught a bloodlusted Thor’s hammer strike while recovering from his previous blow.

Infinity #6

Blocked Ikaris’ heat vision close range (weakened).

Eternals #2 (2021)

DURABILITY

No-sold planetary destruction.

Iron Man #55 (1968)

No-sold burning up from entering a planet’s atmosphere.

Captain Marvel #27 (1968)

Mar-Vell felt that he broke his fingers by punching Thanos.

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

I feel as if I’ve broken all my fingers with that blow…

Tanked the Magus’ assault.

Warlock #11 (1972)

Then, in that case… allow me to grant you a most exquisite death!


The Magus has proven triumphant!

No-sold Warlock’s punch.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

WHO?!

No-sold a strike from Mjolnir to the chest.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

No-sold a punch from the Thing.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

Mister, you’re really sick. But I tell you what… Dr. Grimm has got the cure for what ails you. His world famous knuckle knock-out formula!

(It did nothing lol)

Tanked assault from Thor and the Thing.


No-sold Classic Drax’s blast.

Logans Run #6 (1977)

No-sold the Silver Surfer’s full force cosmic beam.

Silver Surfer #35 (1987)

Thanos: Are you through?

Silver Surfer: Uh… yes.

Endured entering the Nexus of All Realities which was full of myriad dimensions exerting different influences on him and emerged unscathed.

Thanos Quest #1



Took a beating from Drax and the Hulk.

Infinity Gauntlet #4 (1991)

No-selled Gamora’s nerve blow which he claimed would’ve killed anyone less powerful than him.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #8

Tanked attacks from his more powerful clone.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #10





Absorbed multiple blows of punishment from Power Gem Thor.

Silver Surfer #88 (1987)

Scary, ain’t he?


Thanos’ continued health started to look real important ’bout then.


Crater face absorbed so much punishment, I really thought he’d had it. The thing is, though… I think he got a kick out of it. Like I said… scary… ain’t he?



Tanked Odin’s attacks.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25


The limits of the Titan’s might have never been fully tested.


Survived being blasted around by Odin’s Gungnir and endured its onslaught.




No-sold blast from Jack of Hearts.

Cosmic Powers #3

Survived Tyrant’s assault and recovered from the explosion their fight caused.

Cosmic Powers #6

And I am TYRANT! You are a fool to have tempted me!


You confronted me seeking a challenge? Are you mad?


Is this sufficient challenge enough for you?! My power is without equal!


You yet live.

Survived inside the Rot which was slowly eating away Eternity.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #8



Survived an artificial black hole that sucked in everything within two-light years.

Infinity Abyss #1

A cataclysmic eruption of the ether, a rent in space itself, answered Thanos.


The artificial singularity instantly and irresistibly drew everything within a two light-years radius into its merciless grasp.

Infinity Abyss #2

Gamora: And what did you run into? An unstable nuclear device?

Thanos: A black hole.

Tanked a blast from Walker and no sold a blast from Captain Marvel right after.

Captain Marvel #17 (1999)


No-sold alien ray gun blasts.

Thanos (2003) #1

Thanos (2003) #7

There are protocols to be dealt with?

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Tanked a point-blank explosion from the Maker that destroyed an alien city and most of the Kyln which are moons but was knocked out, and rumored to have survived worse (which is true).

Thanos #9 (2003)




Thanos #10 (2003)

No-sold the destruction of the Sanctuary which is about a mile across.

Thanos #12 (2003)



No-sold a gas giant’s explosion which upset the solar system.




His dead body took no damage from Galactus’ solar system encompassing and galaxy sweeping blast.

Annihilation #6

The Thanos Imperative: Ignition

Tanked a hit from Groot (weakened).

Guardians of the Galaxy #25 (2008)

No-sold a god killing weapon off-panel.


Survived a Cosmic Cube exploding in the balls.



No-sold the explosion of the Helicarrier.

Avengers Assemble #4 (2012)

Survived assault from all the Avengers and the Guardians.

Avengers Assemble #8 (2012)



Tanked Black Bolt’s scream three times.

Infinity #3


Infinity #4



Blocked Captain Marvel’s photon blast.

Infinity #6

No-sold Thor’s lightning and tanked a hammer strike to the head.



Survived in Ego’s core twice.

Thanos: A God Up There Listening #4



Thanos: A God Up There Listening #6

Tanked energy punch from Star-Lord with the Cosmic Cube.

Guardians of the Galaxy #18 (2013)

No-sold Nova rocketing him into a mountain and tanked his energy blast.


Tanked multiple close-range blasts and explosions from the Cosmic Cube.




Guardians of the Galaxy #20 (2013)


Tanked blow from Drax with Mjolnir.


Unmoved by a strike from Ronan’s Universal Weapon.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Took a punch, a blast, and an energy wave from amped Annihilus who rivaled him.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity



Survived multiple blasts from Adam Warlock with the Living Tribunal’s power that killed all the remaining Marvel heroes, Galactus, and a group of Celestials.

Thanos: The Infinity Finale




Tanked attacks from the Imperial Guard and Gladiator (God Cancer).

Thanos #2 (2016)


Thanos #3 (2016)








Survived blast from Phoenix Force Thane while heavily injured (God Cancer).

Thanos #6 (2016)

Tanked Ikaris’ heat vision (weakened).

Eternals #2 (2021)


STAMINA

(A more underrated category than speed tbh)

Fought against 25,000 warriors with Adam Warlock and Gamora, although they eventually needed to retreat because they got tired.

Warlock #10 (1972)

Entering stage center: The first of 25,000 religious fanatics called the Black Knights of the Church of Universal Truth!


…Egeus at last sees the wisdom of his Lord’s orders… and wishes he had 50,000 warriors instead of a mere 25,000!

Beat up a humongous army of the most feared mercenaries in the universe because he was bored and desired a challenge, but later claimed they were exaggerated as deadly warriors, as he barely used any effort to beat them, which disappointed him. He’s not even tired at the end.

Cosmic Powers #1

Fought the Revengers for hours alongside Star-Lord, Nova, and Drax.

Guardians of the Galaxy #19 (2013)

And then Thanos showed back up… it took somewhat over an hour before we realized he was fighting along with us. (…) The battle—it just went on and on. It went on for hours.

Off-panel, destroyed most of the Badoon race and world without showing any signs of fatigue after.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation


Stayed awake for days with multiple wounds from the Imperial Guard, Gladiator, the Galactic Gulag laser grid gate and possibly from the armored guards he assaulted while at the same time weakened from God Cancer, which made him grow weaker overtime.

Thanos #6 (2016)

Hours pass. Then days.

He can go indefinitely without food, water, or air.


ENERGY PROJECTION AND MANIPULATION

Knocked out the Thing by flicking his fingers. (Big flex)

Captain Marvel #25 (1968)

You’ve knocked him out—with the flick of your fingers!

Negged Drax with a homing and curving energy beam. (Omega Beams?)

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

I’ll simply cut down the Destroyer with a high-intensity energy blast—such as I would do to any such cretin!

Blasted back religious warriors.

Warlock #10 (1972)

So fight! Blast you, fight!


…The stone-faced monster who continually sends a barrage of death-dealing rays into the midst of the Magus’ holy forces!

Negged one of the Magus’ death squad members.

Warlock #11 (1972)

Fortunately, this plan has run into a snag. That snag’s name is Thanos!

Blasted back the Magus.


…Magus, I REJECT your truth!

His energy clash with Magus destroyed half of the Sanctuary which is, again, a mile across.


Killed Warlock with his aura. (Big flex)

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

Not even a poor deluded maniac who claimed to the champion of life. So die, Adam Warlock. My mistress awaits you.

One shotted Vision.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

Knocked out the Thing with his aura. (Flex)

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

Away from me, you craggy gargoyle!

Knocked out Thing again and brought Thor to his knees.



Negged Classic Drax.

Logans Run #6 (1977)

Made Silver Surfer experience more pain than he’d ever felt in a “dream” state while a ghost.

Silver Surfer #34 (1987)


Seldom have I felt such power. Never have I felt such pain.

Helped the In-Betweener break out of his prison which neither could do themselves and did his best to match his energy release.

Thanos Quest #1



Blasted and matched his double in a beam clash.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #10



Floored Power Gem Thor.

Silver Surfer #88 (1987)

Easily blasted aside Asgardian warriors.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

Thanos will be of more use in this struggle than you, Maxam.

Combined blast with Drax, Silver Surfer, and Adam Warlock knocked away most of the Asgardian army.


Pushed back Odin.


Your supposedly heavenly status impresses Thanos of Titan not in the least.

Destroyed Ganymede’s and Jack’s ship.

Cosmic Powers #3

As for their ship… they won’t be needing it anymore.

Stunned Morg.

Cosmic Powers #5

If you have not the power to dispose of him, woman… I DO.


Energy clash with Tyrant destroyed a portion of the Fortress.

Cosmic Powers #6


Blasted back Super Skrull.

Secret Defenders #12 (1993)

Blasted the Silver Surfer off his feet.

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1

With Thor and Captain Marvel, temporarily overpowered Walker.

Captain Marvel #17 (1999)



His energy aura dissolves molecules.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #1

Carried on the blast of her dissolving molecules—

Assaulted Thor and Wanda with some kind of direct energy attack.


Killed an alien army by walking and flexing his aura. (Chad moment)

Avengers: Celestial Quest #3


Killed his son, the Rot, by absorbing him and made the cosmos scream in pain by doing so. (He had Death’s help but this is still pretty OP)

Avengers: Celestial Quest #8


Killed his clone with one shot.

Infinity Abyss #4

Can level a mountain.

Infinity Abyss #6



Emitted a gamma ray burst that killed Rigellians and broke out of a photon block.

Thanos (2003) #2


Destroyed Galactus’s Punisher Drones.

Thanos #4 (2003)

Yes, they are very powerful. And quick and merciless. But against me… they are nothing!


No one mistreats a guest aboard my vessel.


Unhand me!

Thanos #5 (2003)

Blasted Galactus across Rigel-18, making him bounce a couple of times, and cracked his armor.





Thanos Annual (2014)

Destroyed part of a floating space prison.

Thanos #8 (2003)

Overwhelmed the Maker and blocked her attacks.

Thanos #10 (2003)



Burned the skin off of Moondragon’s arm.

Annihilation #4

Killed undying Angled Ones from inside the Cancerverse (weakened).

The Thanos Imperative #2

I am… having great difficulty… retaining my mental… composure… in this universe… But it would appear that I am capable… of delivering permanent death.

One shotted Drax.

The Thanos Imperative #4


Blasted back Thor and Hyperion.

Infinity #6


One shotted Lady Death’s guard dog while in a life/death state.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation


Rejuvenated Warlock and made him an energy absorber.


You have become a direct consumer of energy.

Destroyed a looped spatial distortion (whatever that is).



Matched Annihilus’ Cosmic Control Rod, knocked him back, and overpowered him.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity




Thanos: The Infinity Finale

Blasted aside the Hulk.




Combined blast with Silver Surfer, Thor, and Terrax and blew a hole through part of the moon.


Together we can create a new escape route!

Blasted through an army.

Thanos #1 (2016)

Blasted the Imperial Guard.

Thanos #3 (2016)



Blew his own head off.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity


(Yeah, he actually killed himself.)

TELEPATHY AND PSYCHIC RESISTANCE

Time Mind Sync Warp! (Sounds like an anime ultimate attack)

Captain Marvel #28 (1968)




Telepathic link with Gamora.

Warlock #9 (1972)

Destroyed Pip the Troll’s mind.

Avengers Annual #7(1967)

…And Thanos destroyed his mind and left him for me to find.

Thanos Vs. Hulk #1


Projected an image of his face to Surfer.

Silver Surfer #38 (1987)


Mind raped an alien priest.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #2


Thanos does not torture, little man. Thanos kills!

With Moondragon’s assistance, psychically assaulted Galactus but still lost.

Thanos #3 (2003)





Telepathically contacted the Maker.

Thanos #10 (2003)

I’m waiting.

Deactivated the Maker’s mental capacity.




Made the Fallen One his herald.

Thanos #12 (2003)


Annihilation: Silver Surfer #3

Tenebrous: You serve Galactus.

Fallen One: I serve Thanos of Titan.

No-sold Moondragon’s mind blast twice.

Annihilation #2

Annihilation #4

Required three powerful telepaths to shut down his mind but they could only do so when he was unconscious or in a relaxed state.

Guardians of the Galaxy #25 (2008)


The Thanos Imperative: Ignition

The Thanos Imperative #1

Cosmo found his mind harder to read the more he adapted to the Cancerverse.

The Thanos Imperative #2

Telepathically spoke to the Zodiac.

Avengers Assemble (2012) #2

Mind controlled the Hulk and made him fight the Avengers.

Avengers Assemble (2012) #4

Weakest of minds.






Manipulated John King from afar.


He—he—he came to me. He was just this—just this voice—he offered me power.

Controlled Gladiator while he was weak.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Stunned Drax with a mental blast.



FORCE FIELDS

Blocked explosion that killed the Zen Whoberis.

Warlock #10 (1972)

Blocked the Magus’ blasts with a barrier. (I think)

Warlock #11 (1972)

Blocked the Champion of the Universe’s blows for a short time.

Thanos Quest #1

Shortly blocked Power Gem Thor’s blow.

Silver Surfer #88 (1987)

Trapped Vision in a force field.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #6

Blocked massive blast from full power Omega but only survived using three force fields and his armor.

Infinity Abyss #6


Blocked Galactus’ cosmic blast temporarily which exerted Galactus’ energies and made him hungry.

Thanos #5 (2003)



Put Stormbreaker in a force field.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Blocked the Hulk’s incoming blow.

Thanos: The Infinity Finale

TELEPORTATION/PORTALS

Travelled to another reality.

Warlock #9 (1972)

Teleported away from Thor and Iron Man.

Avengers Annual #7 (1967)

Marvel Two-In-One Annual #2 (1974)

Teleported from Champion.

Thanos Quest #1

Teleported away from Tyrant.

Cosmic Powers #6

Teleported himself and Silver Surfer to Death’s realm.

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1


Travelled to the realm of gods, somehow.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #2


Travelled to another planet from his ship.

Thanos #2 (2003)

Thanos #4 (2003)


Sent Moondragon to another location.

Thanos #3 (2003)

(That was rude)

Teleported away from Drax.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Teleported Warlock and himself to the edge of the galaxy.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity





Teleported behind Annihilus and hit him with a full-charge energy blast.



Transported Warlock to Starlin’s bar.

Thanos: The Infinity Finale

(Starlin’s bar… Jim Starlin… you ain’t slick, boy)

MATTER MANIPULATION

Can manipulate and disrupt matter.


Turned Skagg into stone.

Captain Marvel #26 (1968)


Turned Captain Marvel back into Rick Jones.


Turned a duplicate of himself into a butterfly and ate him (because he’s a chad like that).

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #10

Further enlightenment.

Fixed and replaced a house.

Infinity Abyss #6


THE OCCULT

Dude is not an amateur in the fields of the occult.

Infinity Abyss #3

Gamora: When did you start dabbling in the occult?

Thanos: About three centuries before your birth.

Cursed Deadpool with immortality then later removed it.

Deadpool #64 (1997)


Deadpool Vs. Thanos #1


Sensed Death’s former presence.

Deadpool Vs. Thanos #2

(Why he has a spacesuit if he can survive anywhere, especially since they made a joke of it before, I’ll never understand but it’s hilarious)

INTELLIGENCE AND WILLPOWER

Thanos’ most dangerous weapon is his mind, making this category contain his best showings.

Infinity Abyss #6

His knowledge is vast, as he has centuries of plotting, scheming, and planning.


(I guess you could say he’s something of a scientist himself.)

Now onto the feats:

Tricked Silver Surfer into accidently killing an alien population.

Silver Surfer #35 (1987)



Tricked and outsmarted the In-Betweener, the Champion of the Universe, the Collector, and Grandmaster into giving him the Infinity Gems.

Thanos Quest #1




Thanos Quest #2










(Chad moment)

Handled the Reality Gem without going insane.


My guess is that more than one mind has been shattered contemplating this trinket. Its potential is beyond the scope of most intellects.

Helped the Avengers beat himself subconsciously.

Infinity Gauntlet #3 (1991)

In both battles Thanos provided us with the means to thwart his dark plans. Whether he did so consciously or subconsciously I do not know.

Defeated the Oracle of Ancient Knowledge in its own mindscape, stealing its information.

Cosmic Powers #1





Used Tyrant tech without any knowledge of how to use it before.

Cosmic Powers #6




Tricked Mephisto, a demon of deceit himself. (My personal favorite)

Infinity Crusade #6


Even devils should beware when bargaining with Thanos of Titan.

Created clones of himself using tech and magic because he wanted allies for a possible future war (which never happened).

Infinity Abyss #3

Hacked into the Rigellian’s central data bank, improved their geopolitical status, solved their soy production’s genetic problem, strengthened their genetic ladder, added safe guards to the system’s security, quickened their planetary teleportational defense, and upgraded the designs of their star fleet’s propulsion systems—all in a matter of minutes.

Thanos #2 (2003)

Hacked Galactus tech.

Thanos #4 (2003)


Outsmarted Hunger by transporting Rigel-3 into Rigel-18’s gravitational pull, making them collide with each other, and stopping him from eating the universe. (One of my favorites)

Thanos #6 (2003)




Studied the Power Cosmic, turned Galactus into a living Death Star, and gave the Annihilation fleet teleportation tech.

Annihilation #3



Made a failsafe to release Galactus’ bonds which required his energy signature to activate.

Annihilation #4

Handled a fake Cosmic Cube which apparently required a lot of concentration and knowledge of how it worked.

Avengers Assemble #6 (2012)

It takes more concentration and knowledge than your people will ever be able to accomplish.

Revived Deadpool using a mix of science and necromancy.

Thanos Vs. Deadpool #1

Easily saw through Druig’s illusion.

Eternals #4 (2021)


Defeated Bruce Banner and the Hulk in their own minds after a decent struggle from them.

Thanos Vs. Hulk #2





Your reputation as a genius appears well deserved. Unhappily for you, that is sorely by Earth standards. The intellect of a Titan is another matter entirely. The outcome of this little contest was never in any serious doubt.

Hacked an arena’s video feed.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Tapping into the arena’s video feed will provide an excellent opportunity for studying my extensively renovated compatriot.

Calculated how much time it would take to get to Warlock and decided on the best course of action.


Could augment Nightcrawler’s teleportational powers by dissecting his brain. (Don’t know why he didn’t just do the same thing he did with Pip but whatever)

Thanos: The Infinity Finale


Bargained with The One Above All and won. (You can’t tell me this isn’t fire)




Waited for one of the Galactic Prison guards to try to take advantage of his weakened condition and used his severed arm to escape. (Chad moment)

Thanos #5 (2016)


(Savage)

Was to the first and only one to overcome the trial of the God Quarry. This is impressive because multiple gods were trapped for eternity due to failing to do so.

Thanos #10 (2016)



As you can see… Thanos prepares for everything. (Just like a certain billionaire vigilante I know of)

Annihilation #4

Guardians of the Galaxy #1 (2019)

TECHNOLOGY

Created a Thanosbot replica.

Iron Man #55 (1968)

What the devil—?

Put Rick Jones in the Mind-Cyclone which extracted his subconscious knowledge using I.S.A.A.C.

Captain Marvel #27 (1968)




Has a teleportation device on his ship.


Logans Run #6 (1977)

Infinity Crusade #4 (1993)



Secret Defenders #12 (1993)

My technology plucked them from various locations and delivered them here, to be held, for the moment, in statis.

Consistently has planet busting weapons.

Captain Marvel #31 (1968)

Each ship has the firepower to ravage a world!

The Avengers #125 (1963)
(The quality for this image sucks, sorry about that)


Did I not also promise you that each of your ships has power enough to ravage a world?

Warlock #10 (1972)

Warlock: I sense tremendous forces contained within your Sanctuary, Thanos! Planet-shattering forces… perhaps?

Thanos: If the need arises… perhaps!

Thanos #5 (2003)

These bombs of yours could take out half a planet!

Thanos Legacy


(This moment is too chad)

Built a time machine and a time probe.

Warlock #10 (1972)

One such tool will be this time machine which I have created! … To do this, I used “Knowledge I,” my time probe, to observe and classify every aspect of your present and future life!


It’s a TIME-PROBE!!

Sniped the Avengers with tech and prep and trapped them in imprisonment statis chambers that kept them a microsecond away from reality.

Marvel Two-in-One Annual #2 (1974)

The main salvo proved powerful enough to incapacitate even the mighty thunder god, Thor. Captain Marvel and Iron Man failed to weather even an indirect blast.


Surgically altered Geatar so he could look like him and enhanced him to the point that he was (potentially) as strong as the Hulk.

Silver Surfer #38 (1987)

He’d be crushed to know that it is the body of Geatar, Nebula’s personal bodyguard and lover, that he transports back to Titan. Before departing the Sanctuary III, I ordered Geatar surgically altered to be my double.

Silver Surfer (1987) #44

When living, this brute must have been easily as strong as Earth’s Hulk!

Imprisoned Power Gem Thor inside a time statis block with a statis riflle that he wasn’t even finished making.

Silver Surfer #88 (1987)

I told you. I grow weary of this. I would be done with it.


Hmm. Apparently it works.

His computer can see the brain wave patterns of an Asgardian.

Warlock Chronicles #8

Pip the Troll: Gamora, how do you suppose Thanos got hold of the pattern of a normal Asgardian?

Gamora: My guess is you don’t really want to know, Pip.

Enter the Thanoscave.

Cosmic Powers #1


Created a device that can tap into other people’s minds and extract their personal information, destroying the subject in the process. (Why he didn’t use telepathy for this I don’t understand)



(That’s literally Thanos’s version of Cerebro)

While retired, created a base below his farm with multiple robots and mechanics. (Thanoscave II)

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1

Silver Surfer: You contend you are a simple farmer?

Thanos: I still dabble.

Created bonds powered by Surfer’s life force.


Your bonds are empowered with your own life force, Surfer.

(That slap tho)

Probes can sense exotic and dimensional energies.

Infinity War #1

Computer: Unexplainable exotic patterns along the entire spectrum. (…) Probe approaching transmission portal.

Thanos: Interdimensional?

Computer: Affirmative.

Made the Goddess’s Cosmic Egg detonate itself and destroy the planet.

Infinity Crusade #6



Has multiple super-villains he keeps tabs on, including Darkseid (top right corner)

Secret Defenders #12 (1993)

(This is 100% canon and I love it)

Designed a black hole device that could harm him.

Infinity Abyss #1

It looked harmless enough. As Thanos had intended it when designing it.

Put an inter-dimensional communication implant into Pip the Troll so he can contact him at anytime.

Infinity Abyss #5

His tech can block blasts from Omega for a few minutes and teleport a house off planet.

Infinity Abyss #6

Can form a hologram of himself by linking to the computer on his starship.

Infinity Crusade #4

Thanos #12 (2003)


Has a torture button on his ship.

Deadpool Vs. Thanos #3


Has drones that hand him drinks because why not?

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Created a device that helps him visualize his conscious and subconscious musings. He uses it for concentration.


“Just something I tinkered together,” Thanos says casually.

Linked his consciousness to Annihilus’ network.

Thanos Vs. Hulk #1

Linking your consciousness to Annihilus’ military/imperial network.

Showed Warlock bio-scans of a human, themselves, and the universe. (Don’t ask me how he can use tech all the way out there, he’s just smort like that)

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Can contact Gamora using a com-link.



His dead body is booby trapped with explosives because he’s a chad.

Thanos Legacy


A former vehicle of his is his legendary, flying space throne. It was destroyed at one point but he recreated it.



Capabilities:

Energy blasts

AOE energy wave

Teleportation (which is so fast Surfer’s board couldn’t answer his mental summons when they kept moving around)




Dimensional travel

Tractor beam

Force fields


MISC.

Manipulated the time flow (?).

Silver Surfer #35 (1987)

During our teleportation sessions, I took the liberty of manipulating our position in the time flow.

Has mystic conjurings that tell him what happened to the In-Betweener.

Thanos Quest #1

Teleportation beam.

Silver Surfer (1987) #98


Go away.

(Chad moment)

Temporarily imprisoned Odin within a cube of force with a glance.

Warlock and the Infinity Watch #25

Our actions are what counts, and how well you can stand up to… imprisonment within a block of pure force.

Stopped Mjolnir and made it drop to the ground.

Captain Marvel #17 (1999)

Can siphon power from an unknown energy source on his ship to maximize his energy blasts.


And you yourself… siphoning power from some source on your ship, no doubt…

Saw Walker’s ship while cosmically aware Captain Marvel couldn’t.

Captain Marvel #18 (1999)


Negated Vision’s phasing.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #1

Took a space pirate’s life force and used it to enhance other pirates, giving one of them a cloak of invisibility he got from Harry Potter or something.

Avengers: Celestial Quest #3


Avengers: Celestial Quest #4


Passively radiated an energy signature.

Thanos #1 (2003)

This one was probably attracted to the powerful energy signature you radiate.

Detected a Skrull (I’m assuming he used telepathy but it wasn’t clear).

Thanos #7 (2003)


Walked on air.

Thanos #8 (2003)


Healed a random alien and was capable of bringing his injuries back.


Enough of that.


You would prefer the pain returned?

Restrained and pushed back back the Fallen One with telekinesis, then sent small asteroids after him.

Thanos #12 (2003)


Bound Phyla-Vell with alien energies that she couldn’t manipulate out of.

Annihilation #2



Removed Annihilus’s bugs from Moondragon and sensed Drax’s presence from afar.

Annihilation #4

Rekindled Silver Surfer’s life force.

Cosmic Powers Unlimited #1

Be free, Surfer. I rekindle what remains of your life force.


Became immortal after Death rejected him but after Annihilation, it became permanent. (At least, until 2016, but then she rejected him again after he rejected her. Their relationship is weird af, no wonder he went to Hela)


My mistress wishes me to convey this knowledge: Thanos of Titan, you are forever banished from this realm. You are unwelcome here, now and forever more. Death is wholly beyond you, unattainable.


A worthy irony, no? Thanos, who only craved Death’s embrace, might well be cursed with immortality.

The Thanos Imperative #4

You’ve got to be kidding me.


Cosmo: Thanos, he is reborn, atom by agonizink atom, cell by excruciatink cell…

Mantis: …Peter, when Thanos was recreated in the cocoon, he must have been invested with an indestructible form. He is immune to Death.

Thanos: M-more than that, Mantis. T-to all intents and purposes, Death has rejected me.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

Now I appear to be fairly unkillable.

Eternals #2 (2021)

(He’s not fully immortal here, as his body was failing apart)

Can reside in the wastelands between the planes of life and death. (How he does this, I don’t know, but it’s cool)


He received a permanent amp from Death after Warlock killed him and another amp after that.

Thanos Quest #1

Infinity Gauntlet #1 (1991)

Along with renewed life, Death gave him greatly augmented power.


Transmitted power to the Zodiac and amped them to massive levels, enough power to split the planet and contend with Thor, so they could get items he wanted. (Underrated af)

Avengers Assemble #2 (2012)


Now you have the power. You now have the power to grab, hold and collect these items and remove them from the planet before they ruin your reality. And your reward for doing this is the power of the Zodiac. Power that matches your vision and courage.


Power to act. To crush your enemies.

Avengers Assemble #3 (2012)

The power source for these Zodiac goons is being transmitted. It’s unidentifiable, but it’s definitely being transmitted.

Avengers Assemble #4 (2012)

Black Widow: If they get the stuff on the list, they can keep the power. Enough power to split the world. (…)

John King: I mean, real power. Kicking Thor’s ass(emble) power, life changing.

Avengers Assemble #5 (2012)

He oh so delightfully powered up a bunch of lackeys to get them to gather a bunch of high-powered items for him.

His energy level registered on Iron Man’s scanners as “massive.”

Avengers Assemble #3 (2012)

Massive energy fluctuation heading this way.

Augmented Pip the Troll’s teleportational powers.

Thanos: The Infinity Relativity

Augmenting his teleportational skills with my own might.

Commanded a legion of the dead due to being Death’s lover. (This isn’t an ability, just a promotion status granted by Death. It’s like a general summoning his army forces. Also, since Death rejects him now, he likely can’t do this anymore but it was cool while it lasted)

Thanos: The Infinity Finale


Being the paramour of Mistress Death comes with certain benefits I have been longing to exploit. Along with her affections comes the title commander of all the LEGIONS of the DEAD!



He can sense astral patterns and cosmic forces acting on his fate even if he doesn’t understand them.

Thanos: The Infinity Revelation

I sense unknown forces have surreptitiously arranged this little reunion.


I sense cosmic forces at play. An astral pattern of staggering magnitude is falling into place.

Can upload his consciousness into other people’s bodies. This works even if he’s dead. How? Because Thanos.

Guardians of the Galaxy #1 (2019)

Guardians of the Galaxy #5 (2019)




(Cursed)

Fourth wall break (yes, even he has done it).

Silver Surfer #35 (1987)

(Big chad moment)

Conclusion: Thanos can do anything.





For after all, he is Thanos.










RESPECT THE TERROR OF TITAN, THE BLIGHTED SCION OF THE ETERNALS, THE LIFE ENDER, THE MAD GOD, THE DESTROYER OF WORLDS, THE BREAKER OF KINGS, THE GOD OF DEATH—THANOS!




Profile photo for Karl Wittelsbach
Comments
Profile photo for Kanye Rahming
Kanye Rahming
 · 4y

Profile photo for User-9555445175052684250
User-9555445175052684250
 · 4y
Thanos is awesome unfortunately people only see him as a simp.

Profile photo for TheEpicAvenger
TheEpicAvenger
 · 4y
Yeah respect The Mad Titan Thanos, respect him and his drip


Profile photo for Kanye Rahming
Kanye Rahming
 · 4y
Fax. But you downplaying the drip, Hobo Thanos’s is better.


(I need to pfp this eventually…)

Profile photo for TheEpicAvenger
TheEpicAvenger
Fax, Hobo Thanos got that drip
Profile photo for Kanye Rahming
Kanye Rahming
 · 4y
Veli Hümbetov (tagged you because you requested wanting to see this), Anthony Alice (of course), TheEpicAvenger

Profile photo for User-10280063245460214583
User-10280063245460214583
 · 4y
This is crazy

About the Author
Profile photo for Kanye Rahming
Kanye Rahming
German Chocolate
Lady Felt-Sama's knight at the Felt Camp2025–present
Hero X in The Hero Affairs Commission, X CityGraduated 2025
Lives in X City2025–present
2.6M content views12.9K this month
Active in 44 Spaces
Joined May 2018
View more in Respect DC/Marvel/Anime